If it rains, I'll do that.
She went back to her car.
Gavidia tested positive for COVID-19 in the hospital and was sent home to quarantine.
No, I just thought that since you can use an abacus, you might be good at doing calculations in your head.
"Do you recognize this language." "It's Arabic."
Who do Tom and Mary plan to stay with?
I will share the cost of the taxi with you.
Sami was done fighting.
Normally, an organization would choose its own auditor — certainly someone with accounting experience.
I know plenty of guys want to go out with you.
Show me something a little larger.
It isn't unusual for Tom to go to bed before 9:00.
We're going to be late for class.
I did not actually need to rest at all, but nor did I wish to continue my travels right away, for I had become enthralled by great curiosity.
Who wrote Faust?
Layla's due date was approaching.
At this time, we still don't know what caused this to happen.
I learn French at school.
They were to have been married last month.
Tom got out of his truck and ran.
The wise person does not say everything that they think, but always thinks about everything they say.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
Mary looks pretty in this picture.
This promotion properly reflects the quality and diligence of your work.
It is thought that Algeria still has lots of undiscovered oil resources.
They say that they can change that.
What place were you just talking about?
He left the house without saying goodbye.
The president will make a statement tomorrow.
Tom and Mary lack confidence in themselves.
I can't move as quickly as Tom can.
You picked a bad time.
Tom said that he heard someone singing.
You're not the only one who knows what's going on, are you?
Tom has decided to let Mary do that.
Mennad tried Zoloft, too.
I'm not sure I'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
Sami and Layla's friendship kind of dwindled.
We must leave immediately.
I think I've broken my leg.
I think Tom told me the truth.
I don't think we should ask Tom to do that.
You deserved it.
Tom tripped on a rock.
Look for clues.
Tom did that on purpose.
He is well dressed, but he is anything but a gentleman.
At the same time Ismo jumps and baffles the attendants.
I promise that I won't say anything to anybody.
It looks like you're in a good mood.
Sami won Layla's release.
Mary painted her bicycle blue.
I like Sachiko better than Akiko.
Sami was trying to get in contact with Layla.
Dad said yes.
They're back.
The result placed him amongst the top one percent nationally.
Mary is going to get herself killed if she's not careful.
Tom isn't someone I'd want to work with.
How could you not give me the message?
When I'm stressed, I squeeze the ball.
She thought it was stupid.
I suggest we concentrate on getting this done.
The landscape is magnificent.
Shouldn't you go back home?
I'd like to speak to Tom.
She's a really bad driver, isn't she?
I didn't think that something like that would embarrass Tom.
You're not used to talking a lot.
They were blessed.
Tom says he has to talk to Mary.
How many times are you going to bring that up?
I wear cool clothes and cool sunglasses.
I know someone who lives in Boston.
Does Tom know who we are?
I'll tell you how it goes.
I wouldn't leave without you.
Tom said he wanted my help.
I'm not making a decision until I hear from Tom.
Tom took Mary's money.
Tom is glad Mary did that for him.
Did I agree to write this?
Tom won't answer the question.
Tom doesn't seem to be as talkative as Mary.
Tom thought Mary was probably too young to drive.
Stick it out.
I do not doubt that he is sincere.
I plan to be back to work within a few days.
Peel off for product code.
Tom taught Mary how to drive.
Tom said that he plans to go on October 20th.
Tom is not being straight with me.
Tom didn't want Mary to swim by herself.
You must be careful when swimming in the sea.
He had enough sense to not go out by himself after dark.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be left alone.
Where is our newspaper?
Weather's been strange the past few years.
I promised to leave them alone.
Sami got off the bus.
I just want to understand what's going on.
But this is the story of an old man who wants to die.
Don't go to illegal meetings.
He takes her to his office and they start talking about love.
We should be on our way.
Society is built on trust.
Mary is richer than you think she is.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself; in your way of thinking.
I'm not sure that was what Tom said.
Sami will go with you.
I won't need to do that.
The lady's behaviour was always dignified.
You should take her at her word because I've never known her to lie.
I'm sorry we're late.
Can you hold my purse?
Sami paid his drug supplier back.
Do you still think that's all we need to do?
Tom wouldn't give Mary a gift.
Her dress looked cheap.
You should at least tell Tom that he doesn't need to do that anymore.
I was home alone.
What's holding you back from converting to Islam?
Tom built a new house for himself and his family.
Tom couldn't get a job.
Look at what I'm doing and do the same thing.
There's less to do in this job than the last one.
It's hard to stop corruption in Algeria.
I need you to do that immediately.
I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do to help.
Do you know if Tom can come with us tomorrow?
He's crazy, isn't he?
The time has come to act.
Will the room be available for the meetings?
Oh, you'll pass all right. Don't worry.
How many cars does Alex have?
I'm here to have fun.
Who are you angry with?
Everyone wants something.
Art thou being serious?
It's not good for business.
The boy doesn't know how to behave.
I still have to find someone to help me.
I'm one of Mr. Jackson's students.
Tom is getting excited.
I got my hair cut yesterday.
His wallet is gone.
"If you don't listen to what I have to say, Tom, I'll tell everyone your secret!" "Huh? What secret?"
I thought you didn't like Boston.
Tom is recuperating at home.
Tom is really younger than he looks.
Tom wanted to stick around.
Tom and Mary said they've been forgiven.
She cursed him for causing the accident.
The speaker was so famous as to need no introduction.
War began five years later.
Tom will be very desperate to do that.
They marked the damaged goods down by 40%.
It seems, however, that there must have been some short cut for those who knew it, for before I had reached the road I was astounded to see Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track.
How long have Tom and Mary been doing that?
No one knows what happened.
Tom seems almost happy.
What would you like to do while you're here in Australia?
Mr Abdelmadjid Tebboune is Algeria's new president.
Tom believes Mary was murdered.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
How did you know that I wanted to go to Australia?
Can you guess what Tom told us to do?
What a perfect day!
That has nothing to do with this problem.
She won't go to Boston without him.
Sami bought an apartment in Cairo.
Where do you plan to stay in Boston?
It's not easy to get here by public transportation.
Tom read the note Mary left for him.
Sami thinks Layla is a bad person.
Tom said that Mary wasn't through doing that.
Even if you do not like it, you must take charge of it.
My brother is a retard.
Tom should look at this.
Sami thinks of Layla like a best friend.
They won't have to do that themselves.
I think they'll allow me to do that.
Didn't I give you some money?
Tom doesn't know why Mary left him.
Tom was aware that he was being watched.
He's just being petty, isn't he?
Do you do subtitles in Esperanto?
Layla bought a blonde wig.
The return of the Palestinian refugees wouldn't mean in any way the end of the Jewish people.
You seem upset.
This hill commands a very fine view.
I saw her high-five him.
You fixed it.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they should do that.
You'll do that later this afternoon, won't you?
Tom should have told Mary not to come to Boston.
Tom wanted to get out of Boston.
You made him very happy.
You seem to really be enjoying yourself.
Algeria needs more industrial parks.
Mary took an antiemetic.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd help us.
Layla heard the other car pull up.
Tom has already decided that he isn't going to help Mary.
Mary was the most beautiful woman at Tom's party.
I really doubt Tom would be interested in investing in such a project.
Are you an actress, too?
You don't need to worry about me.
My name is Richard, but you can call me Dick.
Tom and Mary left the office together at 2:30.
Jupiter is a gas giant.
Is it true your girlfriend is a Canadian?
Tom and Mary said they need to do that by themselves.
Tom certainly deserves our gratitude.
I'll discuss it with them.
"How are you feeling this morning?" "Pretty good, thanks."
Travel broadens your mind.
This medicine will cure you of your skin disease.
It's pretty wet outside.
They were speaking in a Southern dialect.
I don't think Tom and Mary need any help.
It's only a placebo.
I know that Tom will have to do that by himself.
Continue working.
Tom closed his diary after writing about that day's events.
Talk of the devil!
Tom was too tired to study.
They say they won't help us do that.
Sami has posted the video.
Mennad is talking about mental health.
Go to the park.
Everybody has problems with Tom.
Tom tried to discourage me from doing that.
Tom should be here in a couple of hours.
Sami was going out.
Do you really think Tom and Mary have been impolite?
That's it in brief.
I knew Tom would be happy to do that.
They smiled at you.
Tom took the concert ticket Mary offered him.
I'd love to know what's happening.
It is better to have old second-hand diamonds than none at all.
Tom and Mary had to pay for everything themselves.
By all means consider yourself invited.
Sami broke Layla's iPod.
Tom doesn't like green peppers.
Mary was buying fresh veg from the market.
I cannot accept this student in my school.
What are you planning?
They said that they've done that before.
When I was moving, my real estate agent helped me choose a house.
Tom handed Mary a cup of hot coffee.
I doubt that Tom really needs to do that by himself.
Have you seen me dance?
He likes Indian food.
Tom has told Mary he doesn't plan to do that.
Sami never drew his gun.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't argued with Mary.
For further details, read below.
Mary denied she was the thief.
Women must be at the heart of climate action if the world is to limit the deadly impact of disasters such as floods, former Irish president and U.N. rights commissioner Mary Robinson said on Monday.
Do you know how to get home?
We aren't going anywhere in this rain.
What are the chances that I'll actually get the job?
Sami is dealing with very difficult problems.
They accorded a warm welcome to the traveler.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be interested.
Tom tried to make up for his lack of sleep by taking a nap.
Sami is feeling better now.
I insist that I'm innocent.
Tom's involvement in the bank robbery is yet to be established.
Israel is building new settlements in the West Bank.
Tom might be more willing to talk to me.
I thought chances of Tom not noticing what Mary was doing were pretty slim.
Was Tom working yesterday?
I like the changes that you've made.
Tom needs to study harder if he wants to pass this class.
The teacher was worried by Tom's frequent absences from class.
There was an awkward silence when he appeared.
Tom got into an argument with the mayor of his hometown.
I don't think you should worry so much.
I'd rather be poor than rich.
The patient is out of danger now.
I didn't have breakfast this morning.
Tell them why you can't go.
I'm a little cold.
What is written on that signboard?
She had been sick for a week when I visited her.
This country is safe from attack.
We are preparing our meal.
Tom and Mary are trapped.
Get up at once, or you will be late for school.
The government fell.
I'm listening to a beautiful song.
They know very little about Palestine.
Tom has a university degree.
I feel fine now.
I know that Tom isn't allowed to do that.
I think that Tom didn't need to do that alone.
You sit here, Tom, and you sit over there, Mary.
We don't need to do anything else.
Tom speaks both French and English.
Fifteen minutes passed.
She is a young student.
I want you to stop preying on people's weaknesses.
You'll never guess who this is.
Why don't you let Tom know that you need to do that today?
Someone must've seen what happened.
Why are you so annoyed?
He looks pleased with himself.
I wonder if we're prepared to do that.
I remember reading about it.
Yumi plays tennis on Sunday.
Tom is a very hard-working person.
He knows basic Berber.
The people of the Babors area, in Kabylie, speak their own Berber dialect that's quite different from Kabyle.
She'll probably let him drive.
I advised Tom not to eat the shrimp.
I've been waiting here for hours.
Ali drank black tea.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was full.
Everything Tom did, Mary criticised.
He caught the ladybug.
As soon as she put her hand to her neck, as if to search for the fatal blue ribbon, a tide of recollections seemed to rush upon her, which her mind and body were alike incapable of bearing.
He not only made the plan of a new house but built it himself.
It seems fairly obvious that Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary shouted to John, but he didn't hear them.
They came on their own.
Sami mentioned Layla this time.
Consider yourselves lucky.
Such a plan is bound to fail.
Tom passed with flying colors.
You don't have to study French.
I can't believe Tom got arrested.
Mary said she talked with Tom yesterday.
Tom didn't have any privacy.
This is Tom calling.
Sami loved his teacher.
I'll ask Tom if he can help me.
If the food isn't good, I am very sorry.
Tom sipped from the cup.
I'm going to go check on him.
Tom gave me some pointers.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would enjoy that movie.
I've decided not to go to Boston.
Everyone was going the same way.
Sami is going to love the food.
You may do that anywhere you want.
Sami found Layla on Snapchat.
Some of his officers protested.
Don't give into fear.
The police found a hidden camera in Tom's living room.
The bus was about to start.
Half of the Japanese people lead stressful lives.
I don't want to join the team.
Do you collect coins?
Tom lost his knife.
Sami gave Layla a hand massage.
How many major universities are there in Australia?
Sami never owned up to his mistakes.
Who's that girl with the red sash?
Thank you very much for the answer, inspiring new hope.
Sami drew the line.
I've done a lot of surfing.
Wouldn't you like to have some coffee?
Mary enjoys swimming almost as much as she enjoys skiing.
I hope you take a lot of photos.
Layla was keeping a secret.
I thought you said you were glad you did that.
You must be a very violent guy.
The cafe is cash-only.
Tom told me he'd likely cry.
I don't think it'll take long.
Tom never gave up on himself.
He looked like he was interested.
Tom said he wished he hadn't let Mary drive.
I know Tom did that yesterday.
It's not easy to pick out the best actors for this play.
I knew that Tom was all by himself.
The stock market is up.
Tom didn't want to say anything else.
Buy the dress you want.
I know Tom doesn't like Mary, but I don't know why.
Tom is one of our research assistants.
Someone who knows English well must have written it.
Your sweater is inside out.
Does Tom enjoy his work?
What had been lost has been found again!
Don't say a thing. I know what you want.
The tax bore hard on the peasantry.
The guy playing the saxophone seemed drunk.
"Look," she said.
It reminds me of Tom.
The girls reveled in dancing.
I'm training for the triathlon.
She needs to know what's going on.
Please call me tonight.
I haven't said no yet.
We have Tom's signed confession.
How are things for you up there?
I speak Northern Kurdish.
Didn't you read the story?
Do you think I would leave you here?
I can't see him either.
He wouldn't let us help him.
I'm not sure I trust her.
A walk before breakfast is refreshing.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
I'll treat you.
He wants everything his own way.
They think it is necessary to study the school system and educational environment of Japan.
Neither Tom nor Mary bought anything.
And when he dwelt in that country, Ruben went, and slept with Bala the concubine of his father: which he was not ignorant of.
He left his umbrella in the car.
Tom and I usually talked to each other in French.
I didn't want to believe that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't pleased.
Mary wore clothes made by her mother.
Let's hope Tom and Mary don't try to do that.
I came from Iran.
Sami knows that some people have fears.
Wait until you see this.
Tom can't walk without a cane.
Tom Jackson said in a TV interview Monday that he didn't think his team would win another game this season.
Did you know Tom was going to move to Boston?
Tom isn't the one who told me I needed to do that.
Sami should be locked up for the rest of his life.
We're on the same page now.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she's doing.
That looks really painful.
Tom said he didn't care whether Mary stayed or not.
Are you and Tom still planning on doing that?
Tom told me I didn't need to worry about paying.
She married him for his money, and couldn’t put up with his plain way of living.
Mary said she needs to get some air.
He received a letter from Silya.
Tom probably wouldn't do that today.
Do you want to be near Tom?
I think that Tom hasn't done that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has donated a lot of money to various charities.
You should never make big life decisions when you're emotional.
I hope you'll have a great year.
I do so recognizing that change cannot happen overnight.
We are not alone in supporting the plan.
Who could've broken the fishbowl?
I didn't agree to help Tom.
Of course I accepted.
The season isn't over with.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do the cooking.
I didn't know Tom was going to kiss me.
Believe what you want.
Tom died a hero.
You've got a rash.
Tom is a fool. You shouldn't take him so seriously!
I just had to see you guys before I left.
My aunt talks about you all the time.
The doctor is known to everyone in the village.
Please make up your mind once and for all.
Tom seemed to be having fun dancing with Mary.
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive.
He earns his living by teaching.
Where do you think Tom will live?
These people all sound like victims.
There's no reason both of us need to go to Australia.
We're fixing it up.
I want to come and live here.
I was finally able to do that.
French is the only foreign language I've ever studied.
I wish Tom would make up his mind.
Have you met him?
I thought that Tom got injured doing that.
Tom may have lost his way.
You can convince people of only their own opinions.
He's suicidal.
I can't give her these.
She allegedly killed him.
I think that Tom is easygoing.
Yanni put his head down on the desk.
There is a test tomorrow.
I tried to convince Tom not to give up.
Tom brought Mary something to eat.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe you really wanted to do that.
Tom won't need to wait here.
Tom, you look terrible. What happened?
Tom and Mary said they felt hungry.
Everything seemed OK.
What kind of scientist are you?
I have finished eating.
Tom, I don't care what happens in the future, because as long as you persist and go through life with enthusiasm and ebullience, you will reap success.
I don't think that Tom can do that by himself.
She looks like she's worried.
We didn't need to ask him to resign.
Why weren't Tom and Mary helping us today?
I don't have to be here today.
I thought I'd been stabbed.
I have no one to blame but myself.
Let's sing in French.
She was experiencing a lot of difficulties.
Women automatically lose interest in him after exchanging a couple of words.
Tom is a good person to have on our side.
I know that Tom didn't have to do that, but he did it anyway.
Tom is going to be happy.
Mary said that she would visit Boston.
Tom proceeded to the next question.
Tom said that Mary didn't look like she was lonely.
Tom said he thought that Mary despised John.
I understand everything now.
You are doing very well. Keep it up.
I'm already in Boston.
I don't want to see him again.
I don't think I've ever been this happy in my entire life!
I drove myself here.
Mary said they wouldn't permit her to do that.
Has Tom come to Boston this year?
Have you already finished your homework?
Fadil was arrested without incident.
If I won that amount of money, I would just spend it all.
How long's Tom been in Australia?
I hope I get a lot of presents for Christmas.
My luck has changed.
Mary told me she was discontented.
My father's condition is very worrying.
Dan judged the plan impossible.
Tom made spaghetti for dinner.
Tom said that I wasn't good enough to be on the team.
I know Tom wasn't nervous doing that.
I hurried to the station so as to be in time for the first train.
Tom didn't give me any details.
He isn't as neat as he used to be.
It's not easy, but we're going to do that anyway.
Tom majored in business.
The cat meowed all night long.
Your record is cracked.
It seems like I've known Tom forever.
Tom has a few books.
He asked if I liked Chinese food.
Could it be worse ?
Count to ten in Berber.
Where's the nearest post office?
You made the front page.
Troubles are everywhere; in front of you, on your left, on your right. You can't escape.
Colonel Ross leaned back with his arms folded and his hat tilted over his eyes.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
I'm hung over.
I returned fire.
When I entered the room, she was playing the piano.
A Chinese farmer was told not to shave before the visit of President Hu Jintao, so that he would look "more rustic" on TV.
We're sitting targets here. We need to find cover.
Tom can play the piano.
The congress is to be held next year.
He could not get out of the bad habit.
He failed his Berber class.
She wished she had a dog.
What's with all the bricks?
Didn't you know this building had a basement?
Mary made an educated guess.
I've been taking lessons from Tom.
I don't think Tom knows the reason why Mary is absent.
How soon will supper be ready?
Tom never does that by himself.
No love without envy.
You ought to do away with this practice.
Peace be upon you.
I don't believe anything Tom says.
That old man is a fussy eater.
She did understand Berber, but she couldn't reply in that language.
Mennad was pretty shy.
Don't order anything for me.
The man talked for an hour.
How would you describe your ideal man?
I'm sure that's not necessary.
I know Tom knows that Mary was the one who told John not to do that anymore.
Did you remember to do what I asked you to do?
Mary said that she felt desperate.
Sami had a choice to make.
Tom is married to a woman who's three years younger than he is.
We have to avoid the nuclear war by all means.
She shouldn't have hugged him.
Love loves love.
They that hide can find.
Tom will be leaving for Australia tomorrow.
Tom thought that Mary probably would do that.
Tom said that he wasn't the only one who didn't need to do that.
He ate too much.
It was a very stupid decision.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she ought to do.
Stop begging for class notes.
Tom and John are both Mary's ex-boyfriends.
Mary said she never hurt Tom.
The best rev
I like women.
Why do you need to go?
Where did Tom get this ring?
What do you people do?
Tom glanced backward over his shoulder and waved goodbye.
Sami's car smelt of vomit.
There's a possibility Tom will use my bicycle.
Tom is very good at maths.
Tom is the only man in the room.
Who do you think is the tennis GOAT?
Tom says that he has some personal problems to deal with.
Tom gave Mary a disapproving look.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean that.
He told me he just saw her.
There were some beautiful women at the club last night.
Tom said that Mary was articulate.
Sami had six classes in the week.
How many years have you been a barber?
All my friends like the same kind of music that I do.
I have a job that I have to do.
We're all friends!
Did Tom have what he needed?
He was wet.
You never had a chance, Tom.
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.
Just where have you been loitering around without your attendants?
We cut the pie in two.
He scratched his head.
Do you have his number?
Tom seems quiet.
Keep in mind that smoking is not good for your health.
He asked me out.
I have nothing to worry about.
Who told Skura?
That's what I want most.
Tom said his company would likely offer me a job.
We've got to get Tom back home.
Tom's family is rich.
Several attempts at separation failed.
It is nevertheless a good sentence.
Sami was at an Indian restaurant.
I think you know that we need to do that today.
My dreams have come true.
I do not like his inflated poetry or his vacuous comments on literature.
This shouldn't be a big deal.
He feasts before fasting and fasts before feasting.
Tom denied having an affair with Mary's sister.
I had a crush on my science teacher when I was in high school.
I didn't know that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with me.
Let's spend some time together this afternoon.
I made Tom go there.
He has to drink water.
That was them.
Now you know how I feel.
Love is like soup, you have to avoid letting it cool down.
What is the largest city in Michigan ?
It was pretty difficult.
You don't accept presents.
Tom studied nutrition and he always knows what he is eating.
Tom and Mary must be very happy.
He should be back any minute.
Tom is coming to see Mary this afternoon.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to go to Boston with him.
Your birthday's coming up.
He loved looking at grey sky with the sun peeking through the thick clouds.
Sami isn't my friend.
Why would I say something like that?
Tom said that I was the only one who thanked him.
I'm sorry if I disappointed you.
Sami sells stuffed animals.
He burned his first dinner.
I'd have done that if Tom hadn't stopped me.
Tom plays lacrosse.
The young are paying the cost of an aging population.
Tom wakes up early almost every morning.
They said that they plan to do that.
After conferring for several hours, they made the agreements public.
He sometimes talks in his sleep.
Kabylie, a region in northeastern Algeria, has a very dense population.
Sami didn't hit anything.
A lot of Hispanics are converting to Islam.
He just admitted he made a mistake.
The robber attacked her on a back street.
I smoke almost every day.
I have been eating pizza every day.
That depends on Sami alone.
She won an award for it.
Sami donated the old books to a retirement house.
Can't we talk about this later?
Mary said that she wasn't interested in going to Boston with us.
I'm dying for you.
I'm sorry, but I'm going home.
You don't have to tell me his name.
Many kiss the hand they wish to cut off.
Sami was in control.
Tom caught Mary in a lie.
Sami wrote a book for his daughter.
That'll be good.
Tom is stuffed.
I'm having trouble reading the letters on the monitor.
Sami was very worried.
It can't continue like this.
Tom told me you liked dogs.
You know so much about Tom.
Tom could have had this job if he'd wanted it.
"Jove's island lies, amid the deep enshrined, / Crete, hundred-towned, a land of corn and wine, / where Ida's mountain stands, the cradle of our line."
Fadil was charged with second degree aggravated murder.
You can make a difference.
The population of the village dropped by a third.
Tom and Mary were unable to help John do that.
Layla decided to remove her hijab.
"I only wished to ask a question," said Holmes, with his finger and thumb in his waistcoat pocket.
Tom helped Mary hang the clothes on the clothesline.
I didn't think you'd be back so soon.
Are you involved?
Where's your shoe department?
Where do the airport buses leave from?
Tom is likely either in Boston or in Chicago.
Let him know where I am.
He bought what he wanted.
Making light of cavities can be a matter of life and death.
Mary persuaded Tom to go swimming with her.
I'm sorry you couldn't come with us.
She is dressed like a bride.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't happy.
Tom didn't tell me why he was so busy.
Don't let Tom do that here!
I know that Tom isn't too old to do that.
As for me, I have nothing against the plan.
I hope Tom and Mary are willing to do that with me.
Lions are the most dangerous animals to giraffes.
He had something very important to tell her.
Do you really know why I'm here?
You have a chip on your shoulder about that situation.
She went inside her room so she could rest.
Aren't you seeing anybody?
You hid behind the tree, didn't you?
He's unpopular.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be alone.
Once a year, on cues from the lunar cycle and the water temperature, entire colonies of coral reefs simultaneously release their tiny eggs and sperm, called gametes, into the ocean.
She said she wouldn't help him.
There are many people who think that it’s impossible not to mix up languages.
Tom likes me the most.
I didn't tell Mary what she wanted to know.
He should be satisfied.
My legs are getting numb.
I'd like to buy you a drink.
Hello, my little kitty friend!
Sami left the interview smiling.
Tom can't harm you anymore.
I told you what time to come.
At the train station, once I had figured out where the queue for tickets actually was, I began the long wait.
He's going to go to the seaside.
Should we eat first?
Tom likes camping on the beach.
Mennad threw the fish to the garbage.
Tom hasn't got the chance to poison the atmosphere or undermine the love between Mary and her new lover.
He has a beautiful beach house in Kabylie, Algeria.
That rude man gave me a bad impression.
Tom told everybody that he was motivated to do that.
What are you referring to?
Tom said that he didn't even want to think about that.
What is your ethnicity? Zamboangueño!
We understand you always do your best to develop a market for our products.
Let's see who gets there first!
You'd better come.
I need some rest.
Sprinkle the gratin with parmesan.
Tom thought it was a terrible idea.
I can't talk to anyone else.
Tom was very efficient.
Colonizing Mars is just starting to become a hot-button issue.
Sami follows Layla on Twitter to this day.
Tom enjoyed fishing with his father.
He's a tough-minded owner.
Tom never says hi to me.
The girl was used to sitting up till late.
Tom was in bed with a cold.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that anymore.
The real work begins tomorrow.
I wish I were a baby again.
Tom will wait for you.
You swam in the ocean.
I don't like cookies, either.
He has already ordered a cake.
She raised the three children by herself.
It was less than one kilometer to the village post office.
How far is Liverpool from Southampton?
Someone is standing at the gate.
I got off with a slap on the wrist.
The sum was rounded up.
Tom owns a blue car.
I used to help Tom with his homework.
Tom will buy that, right?
You should tell Tom to keep away from Mary.
The money was transferred to Algeria.
I wonder whether we're strong enough to do that.
Diligence enabled him to succeed.
You knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that as well as Mary, didn't you?
I wanted to improve my Japanese pronunciation.
Tom is likely going to be impressed.
I don't think it's convincing.
I invited everybody to come to my party.
She's in the kitchen, isn't she?
Tom knew Mary was lying.
I'm in real estate.
A stop sign tells motorists to stop before a crosswalk at an intersection.
Napoleon needed money for a war with Britain.
Sami was playing.
The lecture lasted for two hours.
Did you arrest them?
Excuse me, I'm looking for her.
Even having understood, it is a difficult theory to explain.
I can at least take her home.
Tom sat at the kitchen table eating dinner.
You don't want to understand me.
It's not easy because this project needs a lot of money.
Sami told Layla the exact same thing.
Do you remember where you were on your thirteenth birthday?
She told him to wash his hands.
Tom has given me many things.
What are some of your favorite movies?
You shouldn't have done that yesterday.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't eat his sandwich.
The house which stands on the hill is very old.
Tom likes to talk about himself.
We're looking for the truth.
I need to check things out.
I cannot brag about my team. It always loses games.
I thought Tom would end up going to the party with Mary.
Tom told Mary that he was expecting something in the mail.
Tom seems very reluctant to do that.
Tom is already a father.
I am not a handyman.
Tom has only one leg.
Mary hanged herself in jail.
I thought Tom was glad that that had happened.
She's eating now, isn't she?
Earth is the only planet to have living things.
Which schools stem from Buddhist thought?
I believe in Allah.
The mystery contains more dialogue than narrative.
Tom got her pregnant.
Tom and Mary told me they'll join us later.
Tom wasn't shocked by the answer.
Tom pushed the door shut.
They are threatening my life.
Tom knew why Mary went to Australia.
I'm non-binary and I use both he/him and she/her pronouns.
What did you see in Paris?
Tom didn't want to be a French teacher.
In Algeria, almost everything is controlled by bureaucrats and politicians.
I gave her a doll in return.
I know Tom knew I was the one who had to do that.
You're a real genius.
After learning a second language, Tom began to second guess prepositions in his own tongue.
I don't think that I can trust Tom.
What'll Tom say?
She doesn't know anything about Kabylie.
Is it foggy now in Boston?
Tom said that there's no reason to do that.
God died. We killed him.
Don't you want to be the boss?
Tom looked like he was about to cry.
Do we represent you?
The dress is newly designed.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him I needed to do that.
I was thunderstruck by my friend's words.
What time did you get home at?
I didn't see anybody.
Tom and Mary said they would've done that if they'd thought it was necessary.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want him to do that anymore.
This is where Fadil wanted to live.
I remember asking an old man the way.
We need more coffee.
I am wondering if I could be of any service to you.
Does Tom ever hug his children?
Tom will be thirty years old on Monday.
My father led a moral life.
I help him.
I'm leaving in the morning.
My name is Ivan.
I don't want to study French.
This garden is open to the public.
I thought that Tom was retired.
It smells of salt and algae.
If you purchased this book without a cover you should be aware that this book is stolen property. It was reported as "unsold and destroyed" to the publisher, and neither the author nor the publisher has received any payment for this "stripped book".
He played a game with her.
He knew that he could do it.
We should tell Tom the truth.
The stars appeared.
We worked hard.
There are no tickets left.
Tom felt a stab of jealousy.
We now know what the ground rules are.
Welcome home, my love!
The building was still there in my time.
Tom is still just as friendly as he used to be.
Tom and Mary are going to meet John in three hours.
He's doing well in his schoolwork.
You aren't supposed to go fishing without a license.
Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
This is my tackle box.
Everybody knew Tom didn't like going to Australia.
He avoided her eyes.
I'm not a candidate.
Sami took a sip of his wine.
Are you seeing anyone?
He spoke slowly enough for everyone to understand.
Why learn Berber?
It's taken a long time.
Their country is a puppet of a Western power.
I know I might not have to do that with Tom.
Many purchases are carefully thought out.
Mary let me know she could do that.
Tom is an explorer and an archaeologist.
Tom told me that he would be here by 2:30.
Tom told me he couldn't remember what happened.
He is an actor among actors.
I went to Boston a week ago.
Nancy is a shade darker than Helen.
I've got my family here with me.
This fruit isn't for you.
Oh, give me a break.
They devoted themselves to their families.
He looked like he was attentive.
Tom could help us.
Now is really not the time.
Did you and Tom have a fight or something?
Tom is caught between Scylla and Charybdis.
I'll give these to anyone who wants them.
Divorce is generally a painful parting.
The cleanup at the Fukushima Daiichi plant could take years, possibly decades.
Most of them are foreigners.
I hope you're not like everybody else.
I wanted to invite you, but your friend beat me to it.
I have bagel and cheese for breakfast.
I think you will have done all the work soon.
Ocean acidification is affecting the entire world’s oceans, including coastal estuaries and waterways.
Maybe the only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
I don't mean to pry, but are you having problems at home?
The fish are in the sea.
Wolves don't eat salad.
I know that Tom hardly ever does that anymore.
Where in the world did you get that?
I cannot say for certain that the patient will recover.
I like rhubarb tarts more than apricot tarts.
Sami was trying to keep cool.
Tom didn't want me to leave.
My mother gets angry every single day.
What will she do, in your opinion?
Nuclear weapons are a threat to all humanity.
Tom and Mary said they'd never want to do that.
I noticed that, too.
A surfer was eaten by a shark in Australia.
I wasn't working here at that time.
Ask me again some other time.
I only speak French with Tom.
This book is better than any I have ever read.
What are you going to do with your life?
The swallows are migrating.
The party took place in a big room.
What are you going to do after graduating from college?
I don't know where Tom wants to live.
How long did Tom and Mary say they'd be in Boston?
I wonder if Tom is as lazy as Mary is.
He received a better education than his father.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they need to buy.
Tom showed Mary into the room.
I thought that that's what you wanted.
Tom pulled a flashlight out of his jacket pocket.
I know that Tom isn't much shorter than you are.
People come and go as they want.
Tom wanted to let it go.
That's just great.
I don't need to know why Tom doesn't want to do that.
So we part, I to my country and you to remain. We are – if a man of forty can claim that privilege – fellow members of the world's largest younger generation. Each of us have our own work to do. I know at times you must feel very alone with your problems and difficulties. But I want to say how impressed I am with what you stand for and the effort you are making; and I say this not just for myself, but for men and women everywhere. And I hope you will often take heart from the knowledge that you are joined with fellow young people in every land, they struggling with their problems and you with yours, but all joined in a common purpose; that, like the young people of my own country and of every country I have visited, you are all in many ways more closely united to the brothers of your time than to the older generations of any of these nations; and that you are determined to build a better future.
I was leaving home when he telephoned me.
Algeria needs to attract more foreign entrepreneurs.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary have everything they need.
They came early so they wouldn't miss the prelude.
Is that going to cost me?
Tom and Mary needed one another.
Is that a giraffe?
Will Tom be all right?
Tom couldn't believe that he was going out with one of the best looking girls at school.
Are you going to the open day?
Tom met Mary and her friends for drinks after work.
They haven't sold their house yet.
Tom wouldn't tell me what I needed to do.
I can be wrong, too.
She told me that she was starved.
Mary did what she should do.
She gets tired quickly.
The man is wanted for murder.
When he was young, he was the talk of town.
Sami looked at the dog.
You should receive them by the end of the week.
This is a dirty job, I don't want to deal with it.
Kill.
Why are you asking if you know it all?
She got her ears pierced.
I was worn out.
Their leader is a cocksucker.
This isn't just for you, is it?
Tom was sure Mary knew she didn't need to do that.
I think that Tom thought he had to do that.
He bought a new car.
I ordered the book from England.
Tom and Mary quarreled, but they made up the next day.
In the early morning the sun dazzles drivers.
Tom is in grave danger.
I can't go out tonight because my parents won't let me.
A certain hallmark of wisdom is the cheerful benevolence it confers.
I didn't talk about him.
I was hoping you could talk to Tom.
Another advantage of shopping and booking online is that people can receive the product or a confirmation of the service they requested directly at home, but there is the risk of not receiving what is requested.
They aren't as happy as they should be.
And Noah a husbandman began to till the ground, and planted a vineyard. And drinking of the wine was made drunk, and was uncovered in his tent.
Before the operation, the patient must be anaesthetised.
The best way to make your own dreams come true is to wake up.
I don't really cook much.
She told me she had a problem.
The result was quite shocking.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be frightened.
I read that book in French.
Copying is bad.
During the war, he served in the army.
The party is in full swing.
There's someone in the hallway!
He had to find another way.
I'll remember today for as long as I live.
I didn't know Tom knew who did that to Mary.
Life vests are located under your seats.
Why don't you let Tom know you need to do that?
How would that inconvenience you?
Tell me how you feel about Tom.
Where did Tom take these photos?
Can you move so I can get by?
I'll likely be in prison for the rest of my life.
We bought the apartment a few years ago.
I feel like speaking Italian!
That's how Tom became famous.
I got into bed and turned off the light.
I'm very happy for the both of you.
Tom does a lot of the household chores.
Everyone in the shelter!
She played on the violin.
You may have heard of that.
Shouldn't we try and help Tom?
"How long has this truck been stuck here?" "Four days."
Monkeys climb trees.
My father is a great traveler.
I don't think Tom would agree to do that.
Can we please turn this off?
Tom said that my plan wouldn't work.
Mary isn't doing what she's supposed to be doing.
You have cute eyes.
As I'm very busy, don't count on me.
She's a ballerina.
Tom walked over to his car and got in.
You should stop that.
I can't ask Tom right now.
She shows no zeal for her work.
He was the only friend I made during the two years I was at college.
I don't think that this is anything you'd be interested in.
Tom never should have returned.
Tom is better than any other player on the team.
Who else waited with Tom?
Tom got off his horse.
Tom and Mary didn't actually do what they said they'd do.
They have to study hard for the math test.
She said she would leave on Monday.
Mary thought she might not be required to do that by herself.
The police asked Sami to wear a wire and question his father.
He had no desire to go out with her.
When I was young I used to pray for a bike. Then I realized that God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness.
Tom says he doesn't feel like going out.
She's the most fantastic person of my life.
I think we're having a good time.
Please wake me up at 6:30.
Tom could have been the last one to do that.
Well, I can tell you something that will put your mind at ease.
Tom, look at what I made!
I'll be here for a couple more hours.
I don't see the point of having a dog.
I'm too ashamed.
Sami had no compassion.
Tom is going steady with Mary.
Our economy is breaking records with more than 22 million new jobs, the lowest unemployment in 30 years, the highest homeownership ever, the longest expansion in history.
Tom isn't bipolar.
Tom is the one who stole your bicycle.
I don't think it's going to hurt.
He is a good speaker as politicians go.
I almost always ignore Tom's advice.
She treated him for a broken leg.
What have I ever done to Tom?
Tom has lost the watch that Mary gave him.
I don't have a dog.
Tom said that he felt bad about that.
I think I know where Tom and Mary are headed.
We must have missed something.
This is what Mary does for a living.
Do you spend a lot of time with your brothers and sisters?
They've told me they can do that.
Do we need to watch out for tigers around here?
You were criticized.
Judaism is not the opposite of Christianity.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be lonely.
We're still doing that.
Tom persuaded her into going to the movies with him.
She advised him to take a long holiday, so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world.
Who told you that you it was OK to park here?
Tom didn't go jogging with Mary.
He was shirtless.
Tom wanted to learn to defend himself.
Skura killed the spider.
I just heard that Tom and Mary are going to get married.
I actually don't know.
I didn't let Tom do what he wanted.
Neither Tom nor Mary is supposed to do that.
I've sprained my ankle.
All the students returned home.
His reply surprised her.
Mary asked me if she could watch TV with me.
Please pick a few peppermint leaves from the garden.
My cat is hiding under the stove.
We can't go.
I'm so sorry about what I did. I wish I could just crawl into a hole and die.
The dews were so heavy that the fields glistened like cloth of silver.
Tom punished his son for lying.
What a good thing you say!
I know Tom isn't much younger than me.
Do Tom and Mary still study French?
Do you think he'd go out with me?
Did Ken and Joe eat lunch about noon?
What nonsense!
"Remove the red wire." "I've removed it. Now what?"
Something bizarre happened.
They're fighting over Skura.
We're going this way.
Who told Tom he should hug Mary?
I'll help you pack.
What is it, then?
I had him paint the gate last week.
We used to have one of those, but we don't now.
Tom wrote the report.
What has become of him?
We're here to play basketball.
A democratic transition in Algeria is very difficult.
He didn't hesitate to elbow through the crowd to reach the ticket counter.
Bring me a cup of coffee.
My elder brother finished his homework very quickly.
I'll be back in a jiffy.
Today I'm resting up at home.
I thought I'd ask him for help.
I caught sight of hundreds of birds.
This is very easy!
Tom almost always laughs at his own jokes.
I didn't know Tom wanted me to do that for him.
I study math harder than English.
Tom knew that he was in serious trouble.
We have to call Tom.
I don't think I want to do that with Tom.
I thought that Tom would love the gift you gave him.
The kids fought with each other, so the parents had to intervene.
I'm very allergic to peanuts.
I think Tom wants to go to Boston.
That's why Tom got fired.
It wasn't long before Tom was able to communicate in French.
Sami's faith was shaken.
Tom has no idea what Mary is thinking.
Were you watching TV last night at nine o'clock?
Have you ever seen a koala?
She wants me to help her with her homework.
I don't ever go there anymore.
They described the girl as being small.
He said that he was 19 years old.
Mary is now a teacher, isn't she?
Who invited you?
Tom is going to Boston with me.
Tom couldn't believe his eyes.
Sami began to become more worried about Layla.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to sing.
Could you tell me what's going on?
Are you the one who caused this mess?
Mary closed her textbook.
You pay me very well.
The Inca were a religious people.
The idea of being in a quiet place with no entertainment is extremely anxiety provoking for extroverts.
Tom didn't tell me why he was planning to leave Boston.
Tom is an elementary school music teacher.
Tom works illegally in the U.S.
Nah, why bother fixing it.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would be at the meeting.
Tom trusted Mary too much.
I got out of my car.
I suspect Tom and Mary are nervous.
I would trust Skura with my life.
What's your favorite funny quote?
Tom sat in the back seat.
You should talk to her.
He studied.
Who do Tom and Mary usually go surfing with?
This is a killing machine.
I forget what it's about.
Sami was totally embarrassed.
He drove the dog away.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Manoel and Ricardo are two people that have fallen in love with languages.
Your kindness against another person is unforgettable.
She told everybody she was lonely.
His account of the accident accords with yours.
When a critical infrastructure device is attacked, the federal authorities should be able to arrange with the Internet providers that data traffic is blocked or redirected.
Tom hasn't lost as much weight as he says he has.
Tom is still fairly shy, isn't he?
Mennad kept asking Baya.
Tom said it isn't uncommon to see that kind of bird here.
Is this seat free?
One thing I have learned in a long life: that all our science, measured against reality, is primitive and childlike—and yet it is the most precious thing we have.
No one else knows how to do that.
He is also returning late today.
Sami was a super cutie.
Does anything keep you awake at night?
Sami has been watching Layla's YouTube channel for a while.
Tom and Mary watched the squirrels.
You can do anything you want.
You don't need to tell me anything if you don't want to.
Jane was billed to appear as Ophelia.
He cut him short by saying no.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't good at French.
I'll think about that.
It will be cold at night.
The woman precisely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
Have you ever been in jail?
You're Algerian now.
She crawled out of bed.
Tom and Mary said that they would do that again.
Tom and Mary got married in a small church.
I am older than your brother.
I've lost track of her.
Tom won't have time to do that.
That's not our only problem.
I'm sure Tom should do that.
Tom told us not to do that anymore.
There are a lot of things I want to do today.
We can always find time for reading.
They were surprised when I told them.
Mr Yamada lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
You're a wrongdoer.
Please give me the number for Mr. Brown.
Tom never came home.
We all learned the poem by heart.
They left their houses before dawn.
They should cost about €100.
My school library has a collection of 2.5 million books.
I warned Tom not to come here again.
Tom told me he thought Mary was short.
I thought Tom had gotten out of the hospital.
Tom is pretty good at improvising.
I want to stay in Boston until next Monday.
I will deal with him myself.
He was a tragic figure.
Tom said he thought Mary was too slow.
He could devise clever alibis.
Mary often screens her calls.
Tom is going to show us the documents this afternoon.
How many satellites have been put into orbit round the earth?
Tom was only pretending that he was tired.
I see you.
I used to work at the same bakery where Tom works now.
I don't think that Tom will do that tomorrow.
The mouse's shadow at dusk is longer than the cat's shadow at noon.
He just groaned.
It has just started snowing.
Was your junior high school far from your home?
All Tom can think about is sleep.
How old is your boyfriend?
Sami was smarter than that.
Mary drank some beer, didn't she?
Tom has been appointed superintendent.
He thinks his leg is broken.
Can you write your name here?
I'll do better.
She's quite nervous, isn't she?
All was still.
Tom said he thought that he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom never was pessimistic.
Don't you dare come here again, or else I'll kick you out.
The key combination ctrl-Z reverts your changes.
Line up the desks in the classroom.
Maybe you should do what Tom asked you to do.
Mary wiped her hands on her jeans.
I'm sure you'll figure out how to do that.
Tom has seizures.
The proof is left as an exercise to the reader.
He said he felt bad about that.
I was surprised, therefore, when, one morning in June, as I sat reading the British Medical Journal after breakfast, I heard a ring at the bell, followed by the high, somewhat strident tones of my old companion's voice.
Think about your future.
Why don't we cancel the party?
Let's go and investigate.
I am translating.
He stole a base.
That doesn't please me at all.
You said Mary wouldn't kiss me, but she did.
I just want you to know I'm sorry.
Sami didn't expect to see Layla there.
Faycal Kerchouche, the fascist, has been studying French for five years.
I think Tom isn't a very safe driver.
Sea Lamprey is an eel-like fish native to the U.S. Atlantic coast that is also now found in the Great Lakes.
You're a fool.
We should've been more focused.
Tom will do the same thing for me.
How much money?
Tom and Mary hurt their elbows when they fell.
Sami met Farid in jail.
Tom is planning to go to Boston next week, isn't he?
It's a small town.
Can you recommend a good motel in the area?
He must pay for his crimes.
English literacy is very poor in Algeria.
Written as it is in plain English, the book is useful for beginners.
It's not easy for you, is it?
I wonder whether Tom would help Mary.
There's a possibility Tom won't want to go to Boston with us.
I knew she didn't love it.
Even Tom could tell that Mary was jealous.
We all change.
I thought Tom and Mary wouldn't like the book John gave them.
Sami and Layla are honest with each other.
The kite went upward.
Tom thinks everything will turn out OK.
He heard the sea in a seashell.
She felt herself being carried.
Sami saw Layla's message pop up.
I could introduce her to some people.
It looks like Mary is waiting for someone to give her a ride.
He does not know English, not to mention German or French.
Tom is fortunate that his house wasn't damaged by the storm.
He's swimming, isn't he?
What's his dog's name?
She was wearing a white T-shirt.
Anyone who says so is a liar.
Tom has to go to the hospital.
Tom knows that he isn't supposed to help Mary do that.
You accused the people wrongly.
Sami lived on an isolated islands for many months.
I think Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Sami lives downtown.
From the moment I picked up your book until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
There are no distractions.
Tom didn't have anything to say.
Tom knows that that's true.
I bought a beautiful silk tie for my uncle.
Tom has gone out to lunch.
I have gained weight.
Can't you come to Australia with Tom?
Dan stopped by to pick up Linda.
I want somebody else.
They don't like her.
I think over what went wrong.
Tom said he didn't think that we should be doing that.
She didn't mention why she was late.
Holmes turned to his desk and scribbled off several telegrams, which were handed over to the page-boy.
Tom isn't a lazy boy.
Sami started to look around the room.
He left Algiers to move to Skikda.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to talk to Mary.
Do not interfere with Tom while he is reading.
Mary said doing that was harder than she expected.
You know them, I think.
Sami doesn't drink any alcohol.
I can't hide you forever.
That's my call.
Is it possible to cry underwater?
I think I'll give Tom an egg timer.
Mary invited Tom to the party, didn't she?
I probably should have said something.
I think we have to tell them.
What would Jesus do?
He's very fond of science fiction.
We do have some chall
Tom lost the key.
Once there was a poor farmer in the village.
I am lost.
I didn't criticize him.
Does Tom really have to go?
Tom wanted to kiss Mary goodbye, but knew he shouldn't.
If Tom said he'd help, he will.
I think Tom and Mary are overly optimistic.
Tom said he wouldn't try doing that anymore.
These two Berber words come from exactly the same lexical root.
The plan will be carried out in the near future.
How many more years do you think it'll take to finish doing that?
I don't feel like playing tennis this afternoon.
I should never have said those things.
Tom and Mary haven't told me why they didn't do that.
I won't help you and Tom.
Follow me and have no fear.
He lives here all alone.
My gun misfired.
I don't think Tom knows that I'm hungry.
Tom listened to sad music while watching the rain fall.
I heard that Tom come back to Boston for Christmas.
How could this happen? I thought you were on the pill.
Tom took a few steps closer to Mary.
He has hardly any money, but he gets by.
I've never smoked in my whole life.
He tried that.
He needs to handle this crisis.
If it is in the morning, the first thing you will say is good morning.
Get away from this city.
It's difficult to breathe when humidity is high.
Roll down your window.
The boys played softball.
Oslo is the capital of Norway.
Tom just didn't want to tell Mary.
What is he going to do there?
We were powerless to do anything to stop that.
Sami decided to leave his class.
The soccer ball is round.
Sami and Layla weren't that close.
Tom told Mary why he couldn't go to her party.
Tom is still stranded on a small island.
You're lying, aren't you?
Owners of red sports cars pay higher insurance rates.
They could hurt themselves.
Who said Tom and I were wrong?
He says he's done that three times.
I wanted to sit near the door.
I'd like to get this prescription refilled.
You do like them, don't you?
I think I should be able to speak a little TokiPona.
Tom isn't going, but Mary is going anyway.
You didn't seem to be aware that you didn't need to do that.
He will become a good soccer player some day.
Sami gave Layla a flashlight.
Tom speaks French fluently.
I never wanted to leave Boston, but I had no choice.
Will Brazil win the 2014 World Cup?
Tom assumed that the train would be on time.
Why are textbooks so expensive?
She's gradually getting used to the new situation.
It may rain, but I will go today anyhow.
Tom refused to shake hands with me.
Mennad was sick and couldn't go to school.
Mary is wearing a new dress.
I doubt if Tom will be hesitant to do that.
I didn't like his content.
This is the first time I've ever sneezed this much.
Sami is not alone.
Sami needs a job.
I always leave my bicycle filthy.
Tom will do a great job for you.
In mathematics, an abelian group, also called a commutative group, is a group in which the result of applying the group operation to two group elements does not depend on the order in which they are written.
He isn't going to help her.
When did life come into being?
There's a lot of glare.
He finds it very hard to do without cigarettes for a day.
Mary went to Boston live with her father.
Tom says he doesn't believe Mary really plans to go bowling with John.
Pluto is made of rocky ice.
There really wasn't anything that doctors could do to Layla.
Mary had the whole place to herself.
St Nicholas was standing in the garden.
You have to say yes.
Be seeing you!
Tom and I aren't talking to each other right now.
I've got to get my car fixed.
May I have your attention?
Douglas was a short, heavy man.
It would have been safe to do that.
Tom doesn't go to the same school that Mary does.
Many people I didn't know were at the party.
Mary wants us to know she did that.
He said he wasn't hungry.
Tom walked to the window and looked outside.
Somebody tried to kill her.
She has to take a remedial course in English.
Tickets are $30 for adults and children are free.
There is no problem.
The CEO's unwillingness to cooperate put us in a difficult position.
How many people have died?
Sami knew that Layla was in danger.
I had a really lovely time in Boston.
You have one kid, don't you?
Can I talk to him alone?
I didn't do that with you.
That seems foolish to me.
Who do you think will do that?
Don't let me stop you.
Tom and Mary told John that they were quicker at doing that than he was.
Sami is a party boy.
To be on time, I ran.
Tom prefers staying home on Mondays.
Tom will likely be the last one to stop doing that.
Tom told me he wants to learn to play the xylophone.
I'll pick you up at 2:30.
Tom immediately accepted the offer.
I just want you and me to be happy.
Mary knows how to swim.
Me? Encourage you to work? Blasphemy!
Shall we talk about it over a cup of coffee?
I never wanted all this to happen.
Nothing is as close to stupidity as the mind without reason.
Time will pass quite quickly when you read something.
I just finished reading this book right now.
You're absolutely right!
I have never doubted that.
Tom wants to marry one of my daughters.
She looks very elegant.
Have you ever kissed a girl?
Tom and Mary told me they'd be late.
I didn't take a taxi.
How do you expect me to do this?
I have been trying all morning to get in touch with Mr Jones, but his line is always busy.
Salas and Skura were born in Algeria.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't doing that.
To some extent, you can control the car in a skid.
Adversity is the first path to truth.
Tom and Mary won't let me hug them anymore.
Five and three is eight.
The shops in the street were for the most part closed.
The music gradually died away.
Maybe some people just aren't meant to be together.
The dog smelled something and took off running.
True friendship is precious just because it's rare.
He found this magazine on the nightstand.
Jessica made her girlfriend writhe and moan.
That girl is pretty!
Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
I think that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do.
He just couldn't stop himself from eating the whole bag of potato chips.
Not knowing what to answer, I kept silent.
I'll take these roses.
Mary said she's not tired.
I don't know why you want me to do that.
Tom really needs to work on improving his technique.
I guess I'd better leave you two alone.
Put on your coat.
“I felt very scared. I had never seen something like this before. It was so dangerous,” she told VOA.
Would you tell Tom that Mary called?
Who taught you to tango?
I went home alone.
We've got to get them presents.
There are thousands of participants at today's event.
I managed to finish preparing for tomorrow's lesson.
Do you believe in our lord and savior, the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
I can't ignore that.
He sat down since he was tired.
We have to start at once.
Let's try to get this done without arguing.
I put my fingers in my ears to block out the terrible sounds.
Everybody must die.
Tom is very honest, so I'm sure that we can rely on him.
She was asked to convince him to get his son to paint the house.
Tom wasn't the first one to congratulate Mary.
Our customers are counting on us.
Where do you keep your passport?
I think he's in love with her.
I played basketball last year.
His house is a tumbledown affair.
Tom locked his dog up in the garage.
Didn't you proofread it?
She has a very beautiful laugh.
I think we need to do that before Tom gets here.
You look like you could use another pair of hands.
I returned the shirt because it was too small.
How long has this been going on?
Mr Johnson was concerned about the amount of money that was being lost because of careless management.
Why do Tom and Mary not like you?
I missed the movie. Did you watch it?
Tom hates it here, but he tries not to show it.
This just got ugly.
She handed the bowl of buttered popcorn to him.
You are not my sister.
Tom took Mary to Australia for a week.
You better hide.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was jealous.
You'll feel better tomorrow, I promise.
Are you sure you don't remember what happened?
It took me a long time to find what I was looking for.
It's all about your choices.
She has no one to give her advice.
As we went around the corner, the lake came in sight.
Tom checked his face in the mirror.
Did Mary say she thought she needed to do that?
She says she needs more than that.
We're all Algerians.
Tom's doctor told him he should quit smoking.
I don't think that Tom is strange.
Sami was shackled to his hospital bed.
War compelled soldiers to go to the front.
We spend piles of money on the things we don't really use.
How long did you and Tom stay in Australia?
What's for dinner tonight?
Do Tom and Mary have a boat?
I think Tom will be a finalist.
The newspaper boy delivers newspapers no matter what the weather is like.
Tom told me he couldn't stay long.
I won't be missed.
Don't touch my things.
He's terrified of his father.
The doctor bound my wounds.
Tom doesn't look troubled at all.
If Tom had asked for my advice, I would've advised him not to do that.
Do you like to live in the country?
It's strange that Ken doesn't agree with us.
I get off of work at 5:30.
Tom and Mary said they heard noises in the kitchen.
She is always full of her own affairs.
It looks like a deer.
Berber is an amazing language.
I was really terrified.
I have no plans whatever.
What should I do if I get sick again?
He begged them to teach him Berber.
I didn't know why Tom needed to do that.
We know what the problem is.
I feel fine.
I'm the one who told Mary that she should study French.
When I was a student, I lived in Boston.
He dashed out of the store.
The tiger licked him.
The lock must be out of order.
Mary hasn't let her children do that very many times.
This is a good way to start the new year.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that with John.
I knew that Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday, but he wasn't at home.
Tom is drying the dishes.
You aren't still afraid of dogs, are you?
Tom is a rake.
Please do so by all means.
Know that you are my first client.
I know that Tom won't be allowed to do that.
I'd like to visit America most of all.
Did I marry the right person?
What did you give Tom?
Sami smokes weed in front of the kids.
I would've sent you money.
I'll help you clean out the garage.
I'm getting along with my mother-in-law very well.
Tom thought that Mary could speak French.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced Wednesday the German soccer league Bundesliga can resume playing later this month.
I don't think Tom will be mad at you.
It would mean a great deal to me if you would stay.
I can run as fast as Tom can.
He's really worried, isn't he?
She lied about where she grew up.
I owe my success to the fact that I never had a clock in my workroom.
She may be in over her head.
Doctors believed that that the clean, cold air of the mountains was the best treatment for lung diseases.
Tom says he doesn't want to study French.
Dan wanted to have a polygraph test.
I will just hang around here for a while.
Why does he hate you so much?
Did he hand in his resignation?
You're the one who wanted to talk to Tom, not me.
Tom stood on the platform of Westminster's Underground Station.
Sami went on a pilgrimage.
I would have never done that if Tom had asked me not to.
We will exempt you from attending.
Brian's all muddy. He played football.
She didn't need to come.
I think that that won't work.
I didn't expect Tom to be at the party.
She wants to learn Berber.
This tie matches your suit.
My hair is wet.
I'm not usually the one who feeds the chickens.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head.
I've done many things I shouldn't have.
Tom, in a fit of rage, threw his bicycle off a cliff.
Tom sat in the bean bag chair.
Are you interested?
What does it mean for a man to become fat other than that he will go about loaded down by a heavier pack? Tell me, if you had a servant, would you rather he was fat, or lively, and fit for any task?
Sami is hiding in the back room.
I expect you to do that right away.
That's the first time I've seen Mary smile.
Don't you want to get him back?
Why is it out of the question?
Tom can do both things at the same time.
I'm getting sick and tired of all your complaining.
I unlocked the cage and let the rabbits out.
He borrowed Skura's feather collection.
I never regretted the choices I made.
Algeria is an oil exporter.
Why did she pick me?
Mary just needs to do her job.
I closed the deal an hour ago.
How much coffee do you drink a day?
We'll only have ten minutes in there.
I think Tom is obese.
They say that they plan to go.
I was exhausted when I got home.
The movie Tom was watching wasn't in French.
Sami went to his mom's place on weekends.
Tom wouldn't stand a chance.
Everyone but you laughed.
Tom stuck his tongue out at Mary.
Mary was very convincing, wasn't she?
Tom asked me to pick Mary up at the airport.
Tom and Mary hardly ever do what they say they'll do.
Who took care of the dog while you were away?
She'll do that when she comes in.
Where does this road go to?
He said that he felt intimidated.
Japan is trying to cope with the aging of its population.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be sympathetic.
Did anyone notice anything unusual?
English is a mandatory language in Czech schools.
I don't live in Australia anymore. I've moved to New Zealand.
Tom didn't seem to want to hold Mary's hand.
He's playing.
I want to have a rich husband.
Sami came over on Saturday.
Tom stepped off the scale.
There's nothing to apologize for.
Mary is going to be exhausted when she gets home.
I'm pleased to have you here.
I visit Tom whenever I can.
Who appointed you?
I'm quite certain Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
She kissed his cheek.
Forgive me, for I have sinned.
Tom put a padlock on the barn door.
Tom always seemed busy.
Could you help me out a little?
Layla kissed Sami in public.
Mary told Tom she wanted a divorce.
She's a lazy kid, isn't she?
She hugged her dog.
You're taller than Tom is.
What is your favorite pastime?
We want to know if it will be sunny tomorrow.
The ass brays 'eeyore'.
Sami and Layla know how that works.
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.
Now, please, leave ... leave me alone!
I want you to get this lesbian thing out of your system.
I resent his rude attitude.
Tom and Mary have been told not to try to do that by themselves.
Mary hasn't talked to her mother yet.
You don't have to wait till the end.
How many meters are in a kilometer?
People don't like to hear the truth because they are not prepared to have their illusions shattered.
She died after she had been ill for a long time.
During that period, I would go to bed earlier.
I don't drink vodka!
Mary neglected her studies.
Sami was talking to white rednecks.
We've increased our manpower.
I never would have asked Tom to do that.
The conflict escalates.
Sami went to jail and didn't tell anyone.
We drove for miles.
Tom and Mary are acting on their own.
Sami was getting ready to cook the food.
This isn't the murder weapon.
An atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima in 1945.
In any case, that's an illusion.
Tom was ready to leave.
She has a hot temper.
Carol visited Boston last month.
Please stand by, homing in on your position.
His car theft charges were dropped, after the police commissioner's house mysteriously burnt down.
The chough is similar to a blackbird.
He's going to drive me crazy!
Tom blocks the ball.
He doesn't listen to me.
How did Tom know which book Mary hadn't read?
Tom might not wait for us.
I cut myself shaving this morning.
I'm going back to America.
Sami knows that song.
If not for me, do it for her.
The cold weather is terrible, isn't it?
We will have been married for ten years on this day next week.
It is not likely that he did it on purpose.
The rise and fall of the tides play an important role in the natural world.
Tom and I've been married for nearly thirty years.
She decided to stay in Algeria.
I shouldn't do this.
The tongue stings.
Tom is one of the best poker players I know.
I know Tom probably won't want to do that anymore.
Tom hasn't been here lately.
Tom is kind to animals.
Your children are very well behaved.
Mary loved her children dearly.
One must not violate the constitution.
Get the pitchforks.
Tom couldn't protect Mary.
Tom thinks that he can take care of himself.
Welcome to Canada!
This data is incorrect.
I've got a pacemaker.
Do you honestly think you still need that old hairdryer?
We're coming back tomorrow.
Tom wants to see the world.
He's such a great guy.
Do you have internet access at home?
I went to a park this morning.
That must be a misprint.
He walked across the street on a red traffic light.
I don't know as many people here as you do.
I love speaking Berber.
Tom is fun to hang out with.
You ought to tell Tom that you aren't planning on swimming.
Protect the respiratory tract.
Tom is Mary's stepbrother.
They met each other halfway.
You're a better swimmer than Tom.
I met him by accident at the airport yesterday.
I have a dentist appointment at 2:30.
He's penniless.
The bank duped investors into buying bad mortgages.
Sami's lawyer saved his harshest criticism for police.
You have to use your brains in this work.
Has Tom finished his homework?
Columbus sailed farther west to look for a new continent.
He continued to teach Berber.
Tom was obnoxious.
Nobody wants to talk about that.
Is there more?
I'd like to see you there.
I can't tell you how pleased I am.
Tom said he didn't have the patience to do that.
Tom may be in for a big surprise.
I know how to play the piano.
For God's sake, Tom, what the hell is this?
Tom likes the same kind of movies as Mary.
People left me alone.
She can't do the job by herself. Would you mind helping her?
Cats are like girls. If they talk to you it's great, but if you try to talk to them, it doesn't go so well.
I am reading very slowly.
Tom eats rice almost every day.
I don't think he's Algerian.
Tom said he doesn't think you can take care of yourself.
The death of her husband was her rebirth.
Mary said she thought that I was dead.
Tom is one of the best players in the league.
Tom believes all men are created equal.
The star is so bright that it can be seen with the naked eye.
There has to be a way to solve this.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John needed to do that.
He's through doing that, isn't he?
Get out of my room, son of a bitch!
He recovered from his wounds.
Tom won't be here when that happens.
Mary admitted to Tom that she didn't know how to do that.
The house is small, but pretty.
She forged her father's signature.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't done everything he needs to do.
This restaurant has the best pizza in the country.
I don't think Tom will be disobedient.
Sami can't describe how nice Layla was.
He borrowed money from her.
The only thing that I want is for you to be happy.
It isn't that weird, is it?
I was walking to the station then.
Mary didn't seem surprised when Tom told her he didn't need to do that.
You don't recommend doing that, do you?
Teenagers want to be independent of their parents.
We cannot allow them to infiltrate our network.
Don't be disrespectful to your mother!
You'll never know whether you can do that or not if you don't try.
I took the last cookie.
Layla is having an affair with the mayor.
This land belongs to the Royal Family.
Sami just stays there.
The section chief said out of the blue: "Women and meat, I like them a little rotten."
I know why Tom was killed.
I'm not sure I see your point.
The parking lot is free of charge.
She started an argument.
When do you expect to start?
People get lost in this park every day.
I wasn't expecting a show.
Sami is going to stay here.
Tom and Mary said they're exhausted.
These are the shoes I bought last week.
Tom has problems communicating with his peers.
Tom plans to get married as soon as he graduates from college.
Someone tried to break in.
I don't think you can sell that.
Tom lived in Boston his whole life.
And going into the gate of the city, they spoke to the people: These men are peaceable, and are willing to dwell with us: let them trade in the land, and till it, which being large and wide wanteth men to till it: we shall take their daughters for wives, and we will give them ours.
No day without a line.
They admitted that they were starved.
I knew you were there.
Tom won't likely enjoy doing that alone.
Tom doesn't think Mary can convince John to stop doing that.
Tom is very fat, isn't he?
Please remember me to your teacher.
I've almost finished washing the dishes.
Tom probably can't do that on his own.
If the soup can sit for a while, it'll taste better.
I sent Tom a note.
Tom may be a traitor.
I couldn't make sense of most of it.
I still have feelings for her to this day.
This must be Tom's cat.
Why leave the door open?
In the darkness, we could just barely make out two figures.
Many people use cash machines to withdraw money.
In the end, we got married.
He can imitate the rest of the family.
He will probably change his mind.
At first the King would not believe it, but the old woman urged this so long, and accused her of so many evil things, that at last the King let himself be persuaded and sentenced her to death.
The show was pleasing to the audience.
Reducing the budget deficit is a major concern of the government.
The cat hid among the branches.
The program crashes randomly.
The war lasted two years.
Tom was working with us yesterday.
We demoted you.
Tom's and Mary's crime spree stretch multiple states.
I'm going to stay here for a couple of months.
He has more than a thousand books.
You know what's happening today, right?
Most of you will be dead thirty years from now.
Give me 20 quarters and the rest in dimes.
He had refused to compromise on the issue.
Tom doesn't like us either.
I had no idea Tom didn't know how to speak French.
Our tastes in art agree.
Tom isn't wearing a shirt.
She has her own blog.
Mary said she won't do that.
Help me pull these weeds.
I'm reading a fascinating book.
I came to Japan four years ago intending to stay for one year.
Tom's priorities are different.
Tom likes chicken nuggets.
The experiment must begin.
No matter how fast you drive, you won't get there on time.
I heard somebody slam the door.
Tom won't ever be able to do that.
Tom is a very good dancer.
Sami is with Layla.
My favourite colour is blue.
Tom used to be my boyfriend.
They had to build a forest of scaffolding.
I've decided to accept the job I've been offered.
What does this have to do with Berber?
He's in therapy.
The machines navigate using a combination of pre-programmed maps and real-time sensing including Lidar, which sends and receives light pulses to create a 3-D scan of the ever-changing surroundings.
He's putting on a coat.
I've been there two weeks ago because of the desperation.
All of us were silent.
They had no idea where they were.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt safe.
Tom married an older woman.
If you have problems with rats or mice, you can scare them away with ultrasound.
Tom will be happy to know you want to see him.
Sami rekindled the ties with his children.
Mary looks like she's a bit tired.
The plates have still got to be washed up.
They told me that they were overweight.
Men are but children of a larger growth.
He's her hero.
Sami recounted to the jury how violently Layla would react when he chall
The girls were dancing lightly like so many butterflies.
I was listening to Kabyle music.
I'd ask Tom to wait if I were you.
I think that you should go to Boston to be with your family.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was bored.
Everybody except us knew what was going on.
Tom wasn't speaking.
This is discouraging.
I heard you were looking for me yesterday.
I have a thirty-year-old computer that still works.
You'll be told when you can go.
It would be an adventure.
Mary is a girlie girl.
Tom looks interested, but Mary doesn't.
Tom stabbed Mary multiple times.
Thank you for inviting us to dinner.
Are you ready to go to the table?
Binge drinking is risky behavior among young people.
He's not just a calligrapher – he's also an
He saw in her eyes that she still loved him and hope arose inside him.
I think it according to reason.
Tom likes modern poetry.
These nuts are rancid.
You told me we two would be together forever. Then you left.
Tom didn't want to mess up.
He is constantly finding fault with other people.
Tom uses sports metaphors for everything.
Tom doesn't actually live in Australia anymore.
Men don't cry.
He became a chef.
Where can I pick up my airplane ticket?
Put that fire out.
Could you prop up this mirror against that wall for me?
Can cats really see in the dark?
Why did you break up with him?
Ayako's skin is sensitive to chemicals.
Speak in Lojban or about Lojban.
He can't speak.
Sami continued his walk.
The teacher had to evaluate all the students.
Klava went to a resort.
I gave my brother a dictionary.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
Tom was friends with Mary for many years.
A cheetah can run as fast as 70 miles per hour.
Sami had to stop this.
Mary thought that she heard a shot.
You are wasting our time.
Do you know Tom's password?
Tom is likely to still be desperate to do that.
When are you planning on leaving?
He is not what is called a gentleman.
They set out for London.
Tom read the instructions on how to properly install an infant car seat.
We've had no problems whatsoever.
Sami was going through his voice mail.
Tom wasn't wearing a belt.
They promised they wouldn't be late.
We've installed several security cameras.
I'm a very big fan of their food.
He said he wants to be a lawyer.
He's living by himself.
Mary fell asleep with her glasses on.
Tom and Mary have a few kids, but I'm not sure how many.
I thought that you might be interested to know that Tom and Mary have quit dating each other.
The cold can really take your breath away today!
After I finished my story, my neighbor looked at me silently and thoughtfully for a time.
You made your bed, now lie in it!
Sami made his children sole beneficiaries of his life insurance policy.
My birthday is June 12. Magdalena was born on the same day and year as me.
He's an Algerian glass recycler.
Take a good look, it's really fresh!
You're more stupid than I thought.
"Wait, you're Sean Connery!" "Yes." "Big fan!"
Layla is a self-centered person.
Tom said that he would never hurt anyone.
I earn more than Tom does.
Towns are very crowded today.
Tom has so much potential.
Tom stole someone's wallet.
I'll tell you about Australia.
All I did was repeat what Tom told me.
Tom told me he first met Mary in Australia when he was a teenager.
It isn't easy to be honest all the time.
It's essential that we do that.
His image is completely ruined.
Sometimes the facts don't seem to matter in politics.
I don't know how to say what I want to say in French.
Tom said that he's always been an athlete.
Just go!
Tom should try to get Mary to do that.
When I grow up I want to be just like my Dad.
He put on his overcoat before going out.
Mary said she wished she hadn't left the windows open.
Strictly speaking, you're wrong.
He abstains from alcohol.
You won't believe what I've got.
He speaks not only French, but also Spanish.
Mary didn't make herself clear.
You won't get away.
Bin lived in Singapore.
The new TV drama is quite interesting.
I'm happy with the job I have.
You must not read such a magazine, as it will do you harm.
Tom doesn't like people asking him to do things for them.
Look not at the package but what's in it.
You should tell Tom Mary needs to do that.
She fled for fear of being caught.
Again I gripped him by the sleeve, and felt the thin, sinewy arm beneath it. “Well, you're not a spirit, anyhow,” said I.
Which road should I take?
Tighten the screw.
He turned down my offer.
Yanni knew that Skura was there.
He always told me the truth.
Tom thinks he's the best actor in the world.
Tom will come back and help us.
I wonder if I can really learn how to do that in three hours.
What did you think of my house?
He didn't want to go to Kabylie.
I don't think that Tom is going to be there.
Sami was in a good room.
What do you study French for?
Let's talk about it.
Tom didn't like it when Mary used his toothbrush.
You don't look like you're worried.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be having fun.
This is a very chall
Chicago is very different from Boston.
The news is too good to be true.
That house belongs to me.
Most cities in that country are found on the coastal plain.
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.
Ask Tom when Mary will do that.
He introduced himself in French.
Sami was born out of wedlock in Egypt.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wonder if Tom really knows why Mary isn't here.
I've sorted 32,000 of the sentences in Chinese to create a list of sentences for learners of the language.
If it's too much trouble for you to do that, then don't worry about it.
Tom certainly gets a nice sound out of that old bassoon.
We want to add our voices to the conversation.
I may still go to Boston.
You sing songs to me.
Is it OK if we do this later?
Tom will find a way to do that.
Tom gave me something to do.
Mary said she doesn't plan on doing that.
Maybe later.
I got arrested.
Tom and I got to know each other in Australia when we were both college students.
Please print only if necessary and recycle.
Tom should do that with us.
Wait until you get back.
The waiter brought me my drink.
The question is how do we convince Tom.
Do you think you get paid enough?
I know you and Tom are planning on eating together.
I wasn't the shortest person in the room.
Being a native speaker of the world's current lingua franca has its advantages.
Your children love you.
I couldn't have done that on my own.
Tom is looking for a place to park his car.
Oh, that's a secret, OK? Because slipping out of the dorm in the night is severely punished.
I want Tom to meet my parents.
Today is the last day of this year.
He's practically my brother: a nephew of the uncle of a cousin of an acquaintance of mine.
Maybe we need more than that.
He looked like he was happy.
Tom thinks that Mary shouldn't do that.
We showed Tom some pictures of Boston.
Tom has three sons. One's almost your age.
Mary is now on duty, isn't she?
I should've told Tom to do that.
Kiss the fifth man from the left.
Mary told me that she's interested.
Fairy tales usually start with “once upon a time...” and end with “...and they lived happily ever after”.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still overweight.
Sami's body had no outward sign of visible trauma.
Tom said Mary has seen John do that.
You're welcome to give it a try.
Tom is sitting next to me.
Take the pulse!
Mary looked like she was discouraged.
Tom can't really help us much.
A league originally referred to the distance a person or a horse could walk in an hour.
This tastes very good.
You need to understand.
Sami was freaking out.
Tom was shooting baskets.
Tom is a pilot and a driver.
Ingratiating behaviour can be really annoying.
I feel the same way about Tom.
He has to check his schedule.
He just left.
The past three days have been hot.
Put your pants on.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.
I wish I'd done that, too.
That's a delicate problem.
I wanted Tom to loan me some money.
There were islands in the sea.
Japanese cars are right hand drive.
We didn't want to change it.
I had no time to do that.
Tom gave Mary a ticket to his concert.
Tom and Mary said they paid thirty dollars for this book.
He laid down his pen and looked at me.
Easy , until we reach a lot of sentences in Kabylian.
Their struggle is our struggle.
I'm the only one who did that.
Tom has a DeLorean.
I was hoping Tom would ask me to sing.
I wish that you'd let me know you were coming.
The author of this book is dead.
I've lost my patience with Tom.
I sent you this email two weeks ago.
It gradually dawned on me that I had misunderstood him.
To this day I still find a certain series of animated TV shows hilarious.
I've decided to buy that house on Park Street that we looked at last week.
It hasn't happened a lot.
Did you know Tom liked to do that?
You cannot compare the str
The bright light disturbed Markku.
He knows how to defend himself.
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to show them how to do that?
Tom might've been drunk.
She believes her boyfriend is not guilty.
My native language is Portuguese.
We need an expert mechanic for this job.
French is the only foreign language that I know how to speak.
Flowers are sold there.
Sami googled it and found out what it was.
He was sleeping in the mosque.
We respect him all the more for his honesty.
I've rewritten the report.
Truth alone triumphs.
"Do you know Elvis Presley?" "Every inch of him."
She failed her French test.
We should get there soon.
Tom told me that he didn't have time to do that right now.
Hold on, someone is knocking at my door.
This used to be a very small town.
I intend to return to Australia.
Some people actually enjoy doing that.
We piled the wood in the backyard.
Her office is located in the center of the town.
It's best not to think about it anymore.
Tom didn't want to come.
The work will tax his health.
Tom thought that it was a good idea to take advantage of the opportunity that Mary had given him.
Tom comes over to our place a lot.
The lights came back on.
We can't rule that out.
Tom doesn't really get out much.
Why didn't you come to school yesterday?
Music from my home makes me cry.
Won't that be fun?
I've been working here since 2013.
She's getting taller.
Tom is actually here tonight.
In order to beat them, we practice very hard.
Is Mars really lifeless?
I want to eat something tasty.
The sea is very green.
You can tell Tom really wants it.
Let us go to hear the lesson.
Can you tell me your name?
Do you really think that could happen?
Tom wasn't unhappy.
They say they'll think about it.
He paused to have a cigarette.
It's good training.
He said the South had good reason to protest.
It was just a dream.
Tom, I owe you an apology.
The new spending is fueled by Tom's large bank account.
Tom has two options.
I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
Mother Superior sent me to tell you that dinner is ready.
She keeps her boat at the pier.
My coffee needs just a tad more sugar.
Algeria is known for its splendid natural environment.
You're really confusing me.
You should go there.
What happened was predictable.
What don't you like about us?
I did that yesterday, so I don't have to today.
Tom is running for Congress.
Tom quickly ran out of money.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom isn't as old as I am.
Tom didn't know that he was younger than Mary.
She told me she was disappointed.
It's not hard to see why you aren't a success.
As I said the last time, Wednesday was the 22nd anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
All human beings are mortal.
I know that I didn't do that with Tom.
We got on the bus there.
I will teach you.
Would you like a cuppa?
I swear, I can't remember the words to my own songs.
I don't think that I'd like to do that with Tom.
I read your letter yesterday.
This car runs on natural gas.
We're not that stupid.
I've already told Tom that I don't want to do that.
Tom thinks of no one but himself.
I did everything by myself.
They have the right and power to act on their ideas.
My appointment is in thirty minutes.
Who is really to blame?
I wonder if Tom and Mary are scared.
The cat's name is Madonna.
Do you have a cat or a dog?
I can't imagine anybody would be surprised if Tom and Mary got married.
Come on and tell me.
He's out now.
Your friend from Boston dropped by to visit this afternoon.
This is awkward.
She jumped out of her seat.
Of the Dravidian languages, Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, and Malayalam have the most speakers.
He asked his boss for a raise.
Chuck's Diner makes the best hamburgers in town.
Is that clock going?
Since her parents are Japanese, Mary usually speaks Japanese at home.
She went to bed early.
They gave $300 to each of their sons.
Tom doesn't have to decide right now.
Tom and I both like you a lot.
Mary trusts me.
I don't want to clean the toilets.
People with autism tend to have trouble with social interactions.
Hang up the phone now!
We only just found out ourselves that Tom wasn't planning to come.
What high school did Tom go to?
Oh my God, it's my house!
I hope we can get someone to do that for us.
I wished Mr. Bluff a "Merry Christmas," and hurried homeward through the cold and nipping air.
If a = b and b = c, then a = c.
She turned away to hide her blushes.
"What if I happen to need something, will you give me a loan?" "I will gladly lend something to you." "Thank you."
Sami was proud of his sexual experiences.
Sami and Layla had a kid.
He tried to drag me with him.
Take me. I'm yours.
They say they'll do that someday.
I just want to apologize for last night.
He made a crash test dummy of himself.
I haven't had one complaint about Tom.
Tom still plans to win.
Your blouse goes beautifully with that skirt.
Many Buddhists don't really need anything to read.
Aren't you free tomorrow evening?
Tom is a violinist.
Mary was sick, so she couldn't come to my birthday party.
Tom and Mary are looking for someone to teach them French.
It was already past seven, and the darkness slowly consumed the houses and the streets.
He doesn't need glasses.
Not every language uses the same punctuation mark to mean the same thing.
Show me this book!
Tom ordered room service.
You’re fired! Because we don't need any amateurs who've never read Orwell.
Tom and Mary could think of no reason why they should stay.
I forgot you're Tom's best friend.
They had had that problem before.
Tom was kneeling.
Why did Tom come with Mary?
I have a breakfast meeting at 7:30.
I saw your progress about your dentist career and I'm really happy for you!
Sami handed that dog to Layla.
Did anyone follow you?
The children's laughs spread throughout the forest.
Why doesn't Tom make dinner for me anymore?
Tom and Mary are absent because they're in the hospital.
Tom put a few more logs on the fire.
Our atmosphere distorts telescopic images.
I don't think that we should stay at the same hotel where we stayed last time.
I would have said yes.
The editor and the publisher were present at the party.
This is an old Canadian custom.
Tom and Mary will do what we tell them to do.
Mary may do that any way she likes.
Keep an eye on her.
You're going back to prison.
Tom and Mary are very late, aren't they?
How would Tom know?
Tom was timid.
Sami was playing on the patio with his brother.
Tom seemed pretty busy.
Tom can do everything.
Who did this first?
They told me that they didn't know.
Tom and Mary are tired of this.
Tom and Mary went into their dressing rooms.
Can I take your things?
The list included Tom.
He can't do that by himself.
I'm drowning!
Algeria's war of independence began in 1954.
I knew Tom wouldn't like the way Mary danced.
Horrific hallucinations littered her mind just before she fell asleep.
Do your children know German?
I wish that I had more time to talk with you.
Do you think it'll be difficult for you to do that?
I don't want to make any mistakes.
He worries about his weight.
We need to find a solution to this problem.
I can't speak French without making a few mistakes.
A scalded cat fears cold water.
I understand you made quite an impression.
Tom could see Mary's disappointment.
In linguistics, "conjugation" refers to the production of forms of a verb.
Fadil said that he wasn't in a romantic relationship with his ex.
Why are you so fixated on me?
What was their problem?
I believe what Tom told me.
You're just making excuses.
You're the only Canadian in our school, aren't you?
Tom seldom breaks his promise.
Tom asked me to feed his dog while he was away.
Did you think we wouldn't notice?
Which number are you?
She's in jail now, isn't she?
Santa Claus is not for sale.
You promised you'd do that tomorrow.
He finished the opening.
Thanks to you, the job went well.
Tom said he thinks that Mary won't win.
Tom offered a drink to Mary.
Do you want to take that chance?
What do you guys believe?
Layla would never feel secure when Sami is around.
Tom said that he isn't planning on going.
This is my coach.
It seems that Tom is doing that.
Do you have an e-mail address?
My whole body aches.
It was she who has told me.
I like watermelon.
They told me that they never use shampoo.
That boy is perfect for you.
Sami felt insecure.
My parents are 100% Algerian.
They said they're very tired.
They told everyone they were exhausted.
How many different ways do you know how to cook eggs?
Do I make myself clear, Tom?
Sami is so disrespectful.
Sami was so nasty.
I fed the leftovers to my dog.
Tom and Mary both understand French.
Don't forget Tom can't do that very well.
Mennad served in the armed forces.
Tom and Mary are always at each other's throats.
I knew that Tom wasn't a very patient man.
Tom asked Mary why she was so tired.
He's alone in his car.
Tom can't even write his own name yet.
Tom should have told Mary he was married.
She likes all of her teachers.
I am sorry to inform you that today in the morning, Tom was found dead in his apartment.
Sami gained a little bit of weight.
Tom seems to be barely paying attention.
I crossed the room and looked out the window.
Tom hasn't been a teacher long.
She must have visited England last summer.
Tom is going to check it out.
I know all your secrets now.
Your problem isn't important.
I wonder why Tom thought he had to do that.
Tom's chances of survival aren't very good.
Tom and Mary learned from their mistakes.
That's the main thing.
Sami wanted to talk to his mom about it.
She lost to him in tennis.
This makes me curious.
The bubble burst in the air.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really want to do that.
Is the ticket good for the floating tram as well?
Why does it hurt when you get sweat in your eyes?
Tom said he's embarrassed.
Tom's dirty clothes are on the floor.
Tom didn't want anyone to get injured.
Tom asked us for help.
Should Hindi be taught in schools across India?
I went to shul this morning.
Tom is not like the other boys.
You're the last person I expected to see here.
There's something important I need to tell him.
She milked a goat.
Mary beat the game and immediately started New Game Plus.
They said that they weren't ready to go home.
Tom should do something about that.
If your rent comes in past the fifth, a late charge will be added.
I am very thankful to you for your advice.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that again.
She told me she was fine.
Sami was on his way out.
Sami was just drinking.
Tom and Mary said they felt the same way.
I miss you more.
I am very glad to meet you.
The MMPA prohibits, with certain exceptions, the "take" of marine mammals in U.S. waters and by U.S. citizens on the high seas, and the importation of marine mammals and marine mammal products into the U.S.
She said she lost her temper.
You know I can't wait any longer.
To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better.
How many hours will it take us to do that?
Layla lied only to get more of Sami's love.
Sami killed his dad and brother.
Mr. Brown, a friend from Oregon, will visit us tomorrow.
I felt that Tom wasn't doing everything he should've been doing.
The bed takes up a lot of space.
I was thinking about you earlier today.
Don't leave the light on.
They've put their houses up for sale.
Tom said he was tempted to come with me.
Tom got a little carried away.
He fed the chickens millet.
Sami is an evil person.
No one opened an eye.
It won't take long to read that book.
I'm not a fan.
Norwegian is similar to Swedish and Danish.
Mennad is wearing his wedding ring.
The movie wasn't too bad.
There is nothing I can tell you about women that you don't know.
How do you feel about it?
Are you with us, Tom?
Tom didn't look happy.
One of my grandmothes lives in Boston.
Promise me you won't tell Mom.
Sami sent the message anonymously.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are dependable?
Just promise me you're going to be careful.
Sami knows Layla personally.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend when she was in high school.
Pick up the towel, a storm is coming.
There's a black hat caught in the high tree top.
Were you able to convince Tom of these facts?
Morning is a bad time to do that.
I know that I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
I could get Tom to show us how to do that.
Berber is important to me.
To be perfect she lacked just one defect.
You'll understand it eventually.
I will devote my life to the study of history.
Can you recommend a good restaurant for dinner?
Tom is doing all he can.
Tom has been really generous.
How much is this going to cost?
The candle smells nice.
Sami experienced this phenomenon.
Do you know what they did?
Mary has permitted her children to do that many times.
Mennad looked more like his dad than his brother did.
You can't tell Tom about what we did.
Tom told me that he's skeptical.
Place a charge on the door to blow it up.
Why did Tom's wife leave him?
I think Tom and Mary are only pretending to be asleep.
Maybe I should just call him and tell him the truth.
Sami Bakir is a criminologist who studies violent behavior.
I made dinner.
I didn't notice what Tom was up to.
I can't believe that that worked.
They're washing their hairs.
I thought that Tom had seen me.
You're a certified pilot, aren't you?
I have to leave early to catch the train.
Tom is the first person I met when I came to Australia.
Some of my best friends are cops.
Tom told me that Mary has always done that that way.
They appealed to us for help.
I don't want to change jobs.
I want to leave this with you.
I don't like him any more than he likes me.
It was named after the first American president.
I guess we should leave now.
Meditation can be practiced nearly anywhere.
It was clear to Tom that Mary wasn't going to change her mind.
What has Tom ever done for us?
I want to prove to Tom that I can do that.
Tom is a talented violinist.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
Tom doesn't want to wear out his welcome.
The wheel began to roll slowly.
Sami and Layla got in the car.
I want to become fluent in French.
I wanted Tom to stay in Australia for a few days, but he said that he had to get back to New Zealand.
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to go to Boston tomorrow?
Do you like our wedding cake?
Tom won't be here very soon.
I think that Tom didn't go to Boston.
Tom is set to be arraigned Monday.
Fadil had plenty of cash.
How did you know that Tom had never been to Boston?
You are my last hope.
They'll come.
It was against school rules to wear makeup at the high school that I went to.
The play is a satire on the political world.
They came downstairs in their pajamas.
Why is everyone being so nice to me all of a sudden?
They said they'd do it later.
I prefer to be called Tom.
Sami wanted to be safe.
We don't have much choice, do we?
Tom doesn't know where his wallet is.
His ideas are too extreme for me.
In Japan, people legally become adults when they turn twenty.
We're about ready.
Tom said he wouldn't say anything.
Everything has been stolen.
She met Tom while working part-time on the ranch.
He was hanging out at home.
I know Tom doesn't know that I don't have to do that.
She said she'll try to win.
Keep the news to yourself.
I did what I could for you.
Do you approve that?
Here is our answer to your fax message dated April 1st.
There are things that can't be left to chance.
Tom won't be around long.
Playing the guitar is fun.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do what they need to.
I've really got to tell you something, something very important. Let's meet up tonight please, can't we?
Theories are the death of art.
Tom visits me every other weekend.
My parents wouldn't let me go to Australia with Tom.
Sami's car is filthy.
Tom works for the Environmental Protection Agency.
A lot of people are hypocritical.
Wasn't it supposed to snow last night?
Mary shaves her legs more often than Alice shaves hers.
She looked like she was unimpressed.
She seems happy to be here.
Everyone ignored them.
I don't think Tom knows how to use an iron.
I heard my mother speak in Berber.
Why don't you ask him directly?
This house is not for sale.
Tom has selective hearing. He only hears what he wants to hear.
It's the first time I've put a cigarette out before finishing it.
Sami ended up that night having sex with six different girls.
I didn't think anybody noticed what Tom did.
It's my turn to do laundry.
Tom wasn't telling you the whole truth.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't allow John to do that.
I feel sorry for you.
Have you heard from my uncle?
Tom wasn't a lazy child.
Yanni has a handgun.
Tom didn't have any classes today.
Who are you to tell us we can't go?
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
Sami ate some chicken and French fries.
Who would hurt Tom?
Tom was really confused.
I don't like your sense of humor.
I'm sorry, but there's no other way to do this.
Mary promised me that she'd clean my room.
I don't think Tom has time to buy everything he needs to buy.
Let's sit in the back of the bus.
Tom works as a used car salesman.
Evliya Celebi was a Turkish traveller who lived in the 17th century.
The picture is true to life.
All right. I'm leaving.
Was Tom hospitalized?
I thought Tom might know what to do.
Some individuals get offended at the suggestion that their native language might have foreign influences.
She said she tried very hard to win.
Tom doesn't have any interest in art whatsoever.
Unfavorable circumstances prevented me from traveling.
Every time she coughed, she felt a great deal of pain.
Think before you print this.
An oligopoly is an imperfect monopoly.
We want what we want.
I know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
The Nazis wiped his name out of the history books.
He was fined for going through a red light.
Tom and Mary live by themselves in the woods.
People like Tom because he's friendly.
I recommended them.
I thought you were older than me.
Sami remembered Layla.
It certainly could've been worse.
I sometimes get a headache during muggy weather.
He ate the apple you gave him.
She lied about how much she weighed.
I thought that that's what you would've wanted.
The man at the door didn't tell me his name.
Why is machine translation useless?
Tom told Mary that he thought that she'd already drunk enough.
Tom and Mary are still in high school.
She is a friend of my wife's.
Tom and Mary swore they'd do that today.
You'll help Tom and Mary do that if they ask you to, won't you?
Do you speak Farsi?
Maybe you should take a look at this again.
I think Tom is about to go home.
Hurry up, and you will be able to catch the train.
The patient seemed to be healthy.
You don't really plan on taking pictures, do you?
Tom said he was planning on doing that.
I should thank you for rescuing me.
Berber is my most fluent language after Arabic.
Tom died almost three years ago.
Tom did a phenomenal job.
As soon as he has the money, he'll buy a truck.
She hasn't made it yet.
For the boy, his father represented authority.
I was ashamed of showing my face to him.
I didn't tell Mary that I didn't like her.
I should have known better than to believe Tom.
I told Tom that I thought that it was a good idea.
You must be careful.
French is one of the languages that I've always wanted to learn.
Where did Yidir live?
Sami's cheeks were red.
You can't just come in here and start ordering people around.
You fell asleep.
All I want now is a little sleep.
She said that she was depressed.
At first he had difficulty telling one student from another.
Absolutely nothing seemed amiss with Yanni.
I am not a panda.
Tom doesn't know I don't often do that.
Tom told Mary not to eat the ham in the fridge.
Sami considered a big decision.
I thought that I'd have another chance to talk to you.
I wonder if Tom would really do something like that.
Things went wrong.
Tom told me I shouldn't trust you.
I stretched out my arms.
Everybody seems to be busy.
After a few drinks, Tom started singing.
Tom decided it was time to go home.
That's quite a problem.
Tom was shocked by what Mary said.
My daughter has been calling.
Is that Tom's hat?
Tom's shift ends at midnight.
Tom had a normal life growing up.
I can only do so much.
We don't understand.
Learning a second language requires a lot of practice.
This will make me feel better.
It's the first time I'm touching a dolphin.
I can see that now.
Why didn't Tom help us escape?
There's no need to ask. You know it anyway.
Tom is pretty fluent in French.
I think that Tom will do as he's told.
She is full of good intentions.
You can say what you like, but I'll never forgive you.
Peter overcame a lot of difficulties before succeeding as a doctor.
Tom is a very rude man.
Recently someone told me about a language website, tatoeba.org.
Tom doesn't cook very well.
Mary didn't do any of the work she was supposed to do.
I'll do that for Tom.
I don't know what Tom is doing in Australia.
Sami heard a screech.
Some believe Nessie lives in this lake.
There's always a first time for everything.
Tom said you lived in Australia.
A car, a bicycle, an airplane, a boat, and a train are all means of transportation.
I really like Tatoeba.
I have absolutely no idea what I should do.
Would you come with me?
While they were away on holiday, their neighbours looked after the dog.
I'll attend the meeting if I possibly can.
Do you fail a test you are capable of doing?
How much was the discount?
Sami came home unharmed.
Some people evolved from apes, and some did not yet.
Conditions are unusual.
Tom said that he was very upset.
I must've lost some weight.
The tram runs from the station to the port.
I like to prepare the table.
I thought that you didn't know anything about lacrosse.
I wish that I hadn't promised Tom I'd go to Australia with him.
Mary looked like she wasn't in a hurry to get home.
Tom finished reading the letter and put it in his desk drawer.
Tom's brother-in-law is a prison governor.
Don't you want us to invite Tom, too?
That spaceship is badass.
Mennad helped Baya got the help she needed for her depression.
I was in control.
It'll be dark by the time I get home.
They know they're in trouble now.
The quality is good enough and more importantly it's in your price range.
Americans participate in most sports.
The smell is probably going to annoy Tom.
Mary is fishing today, isn't she?
I didn't actually do that by myself.
I began to sweat.
A stray dog attacked Tom.
Many people are on vacation.
Sami wanted to go to the prom dance.
The Algerian consulate in London refused to give him a visa.
Tom became a Canadian citizen.
The news only brought the family pain and suffering.
This makes sense.
What is this car doing here?
How did Tom know where Mary was going to be?
How can you be sure what the Bible says is true?
Tom is deaf, but he knows how to read lips.
I'm not good at French and neither is Tom.
I thought that Tom would do well.
It doesn't rain that much in this part of the country.
Tom admitted he had stolen the treasure.
The doctor is coming back out.
Mary stared in astonishment.
He started asking more questions about Islam.
I loved doing that.
Mercury has three main geological layers: a core, a mantle, and a crust.
Tom is probably tired.
We used to have three cars.
I never thought that would happen again.
The girl hops.
She has a genius for music.
Did you see it on the news?
The dog gave his leg a mean bite.
What a time to be alive!
Tom wasn't fair, but Mary was.
Tom and Mary ran off to Boston and got married after knowing each other for only a few weeks.
How delicious this fruit is!
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was sleepy.
I told Tom why I didn't want to do that.
I knew Tom wasn't going to talk.
Because microplastics can’t be digested, they build up in the fish that consume them.
They could quit if they wanted to.
I didn't know she was that old.
Tom very seldom cries.
I don't like things like that.
First, we must acknowledge the errors made by our predecessors.
Tom didn't cry.
How far is the airport from here?
Tell Tom I'm still in a meeting.
What makes you think Tom has never been to Australia?
Maybe you should take an intelligence test.
Tom is upstairs, studying French.
Tom was sweating profusely after a half an hour on the treadmill.
Tom is probably dead, too.
The superior gratification derived from the use and contemplation of costly and supposedly beautiful products is, commonly, in great measure a gratification of our sense of costliness masquerading under the name of beauty.
Make one more effort and you will reach the summit.
I think Tom doesn't live very near the school he goes to.
How much does it cost him?
This carving knife ... it's one made by a famous swordsmith.
Do you know how much you embarrass me?
Tom masterminded his father's death.
Mary has many friends to help her.
The body hasn't yet been identified.
Tom put the folder on the table.
Nobody told me what time I should come.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't like fishing.
I tell you everything.
My sister says that she wants to study abroad after leaving.
We have to stop this.
They promised they'd speak French.
I can't look away.
I was supposed to meet her here.
Tom just sat there, staring out the window.
Sami's body was examined by the coroner, then it was turned over to a funeral home.
Tom had better have a good excuse for being late.
I was really afraid that might happen.
They did the cooking and cleaning in the house.
I think that I'll try doing that later.
I hope they work it out.
The shit has hit the fan.
New York is called the Big Apple.
She's packing, isn't she?
She knew more than she told us.
Most writers hate being criticized.
Oh, Mother, help! I'm dying!
Tom might be better at French than you think he is.
What he said applies, to a certain extent, to this case.
I think that I've paid too much.
I just left.
He said that he wanted me to give this to her.
That's what you should say.
I send email almost every day.
I saw Tom playing basketball.
She was wrong and I told her so.
She doesn't care about anyone but herself.
Just believe me.
It's OK to handwash these towels.
Tom seems very tense.
The place is completely deserted.
That doesn't excuse what you did either.
He has an excellent falsetto range.
Sami was a man without compassion.
Sami won't stop.
Mary said she enjoyed the chall
Baya is just an insecure bitch.
Tom won't be able to solve the problem.
Its sharp claws began to open and close, open and close.
Please do that by tomorrow.
"Doctor, everybody is ignoring me." "Next, please."
How can we be of help?
Let's talk about food.
Tom doesn't often do that alone.
You shouldn't cancel your trip.
I'll find out what's happening.
Why didn't you tell me that you weren't going to be there?
Tom and Mary were unwilling to do what we wanted them to do.
Tom said that Mary knew that he didn't want to do that until next Monday.
Crows are smart birds.
Mary does her homework before dinner.
I don't like talking about football.
I think Tom and Mary have already done enough.
You've given me no other choice.
I live in a small bungalow.
He doesn't want kids.
He does like jazz, doesn't he?
My cat loves to chase coins.
Tom told me how much he'd paid.
Console yourself with that.
Tom admitted he didn't really know how to do that.
Tom has already hired a new lawyer.
Most of Algiers's trash ends up in garbage dumps.
I tried to stop him.
I don't want Tom to know what we did.
He cut himself while shaving.
I am so much obliged to you for your kindness.
I had my hair cut at a barber's shop.
Do you think it could actually make a difference?
She killed her mother.
I have a large bedroom.
He is by no means kind.
Dan revealed to Linda his plans for the future.
Do you really think Tom is amused by what's going on?
Tom may make it.
This is the couple I told you about.
This is the height of refinement.
Tom might be able to help you.
He wasn't in his office.
Tom is beginning to lose his hair.
I wish we could go to Boston and visit Tom.
How long's it been since Tom died?
I am playing a computer game.
He says he'll buy that for you.
Call a tow truck, please.
Tony did not want to work in a shop or a factory.
I would feel weird about using those, too.
I have something that might interest you.
You're not good at telling scary stories.
I sliced the apple.
He has never been to Okinawa before.
Tom isn't unusual.
Tom is dreadfully wrong.
What time does your flight land?
Tom stared at the picture of his grandfather that was hanging on the wall.
There's more where this came from.
Mary said she felt helpless.
I visited a museum with Alex.
At that time Laban was gone to sheer his sheep, and Rachel stole away her father's idols.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
I know Tom didn't know Mary needed to do that.
I've always admired her.
Don't give it to him.
I knew Tom would come.
Avatars are no contributions, they're personal identities.
I know nothing about constellations. I can only recognize Orion and Cassiopeia. Oh, and the Big Dipper, too.
There is no question as to her talent.
Hurry up a little!
We look forward to seeing Tom again in Boston.
Did Tom and Mary tell you why they did that?
Tom doesn't ride his bicycle anymore.
What's Tom's real name?
While some believe that science and religion are irreconcilable worldviews based in conflicting conceptions of truth, others see them as two distinct - and potentially complementary - approaches to understanding the universe.
With whom do I have the honor?
I don't have a TV.
Please don't swim here.
Mary said she'll get it done before Monday.
Sami put the car in the garage.
I wanted to buy all of it, but I left with empty hands.
Has the jury reached a verdict?
How many hours does it really take to do that?
All Tom wanted was for Mary to leave him alone.
There's no getting away from that.
She enjoys riding a bicycle.
Mary looks good in a black dress.
Sami didn't take a taxi.
Why don't we go inside the store to warm up?
Sami wrote a long letter to Layla.
They said they would write to us.
The cat has pursued the mouse.
Mushrooms are a kind of fungus.
Tom promised me that he'd do that for us.
Why didn't you come to me?
I fell asleep while I was reading.
I can't prove it.
Tom might be seriously ill.
I didn't like them.
Who went with him?
We did it more than once.
It was still dark.
This is the first time that we've ever tried doing it this way.
Maybe Tom doesn't yet know about what's happened.
I don't like warm winters.
It is dreadful that a nuclear crisis has hit Japan.
Do you think the jury will find Tom guilty?
I'd like to finish the work on my own.
And how will you take responsibility in the case that this bill doesn't pass?
You have a dictionary, don't you? Can I use it?
This adaptation by a popular writer has given a new life to this classic.
There were five fires last night.
He was made much of at school.
You're my idol.
Sami and Layla had plans to go out the next night.
For your information, you are no longer welcome here.
No one watching was disappointed.
I didn't know Tom was a vet.
Not all Muslim women wear the hijab.
I second his nomination.
He cannot speak French without making a few mistakes.
Tom didn't tell me he'd never been to Boston before.
No one has paid yet.
She had a heated argument with him.
May I speak to Pedro?
I can't carry this stone.
I knew Tom before he became famous.
Tom said that Mary would definitely do that.
I didn't buy you a Christmas present.
She drew a gun and shot him.
Mary spent all day alone in her room.
Please explain what needs to be done.
I didn't sleep enough.
You have to obey your parents.
She has a desire to be wealthy.
I don't think Tom can do that that soon.
He knows how to make women cry.
I'm Tom's sister.
Tom can speak French better than Mary can.
Tom doesn't know that what he did was wrong.
Tom and Mary told John that they were ready to do that.
Would you like me to help you wash the dishes?
Tom got very hammered.
Tom brushed his teeth and washed his face.
He couldn't find his shoes.
What time did you shut the shop?
It's he who helped me.
I've lost the key to my room.
Tom is never going to do that.
I think that Tom is a fairly decent golfer.
Tom didn't finish the job we asked him to do.
She had no problems with him.
I go jogging.
I want you and Tom working together on this.
You can easily walk there from here.
I never let anyone come into my apartment.
This bus is going to Boston.
The lion said "The flies know that I'm in trouble!"
Tom is almost always early.
Hippos have huge mouths.
I thought that Tom wouldn't want any help.
Tom said that he should've left earlier.
Tom wasn't completely happy with the agreement.
He angrily tore up the letter from her.
How did you all get here?
Don't let things go to pieces.
I thought you did that fairly well.
Tom doesn't have to decide soon.
You'll have to read between the lines.
We don't even know where Tom and Mary are.
Sami vanished only to resurface a few days later with an attorney at his side.
Mary is very clever, isn't she?
Mary said she didn't do what she was supposed to do.
I thought that it was really bad.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
They told me that they enjoyed the concert.
Tom has been kidnapped.
What is the use of reading magazines?
I've got to find the cause quickly, get out of this slump and live up to Mr. Tanizaki's expectations.
You need not have worried about her so seriously.
I went skiing in Kabylie.
Layla has done her job.
I love dessert.
Do you want Tom to buy that for you?
It isn't really that surprising.
You've got to believe that.
Let's assume Tom is right.
Tom stayed there for several days.
The police are going to arrest you.
Sami and Layla talked for a while.
How long does it take to go to the Toshima Ward Office?
How long do you plan to do that?
I got a bee sting.
The danger was not apparent.
Tom doesn't want to see you.
This dog is taught to bark at strangers.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be nervous doing that.
I think I've already spoken to everybody about that.
We have given Edgar Degas a voice that we hope suits him.
Tom said that he didn't want to sit next to Mary.
Tom just ate potato chips and drank beer.
A good Tatoeba contributor adopts orphaned sentences so the rest of us can focus on Christopher Columbus and his zany antics.
Her word is her bond.
You like English, don't you?
Sami came running after me.
She put on her snowshoes.
Mary said she was utterly exhausted.
I have one of those, too.
We're not planning on doing that together.
It seems that Tom and Mary want to do that.
I said 'Quit it'. Can't you see Keiko hates that?
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom and Mary what they had to do.
You know what happens next, don't you?
Rice prices are regulated by the government.
The doctor sectioned Mennad.
The whiskey has been watered down.
Should I order you some food?
Give me your ring.
Let's see what else we can find out about the situation.
He has a fairly large fortune.
Tom may be skeptical.
Somebody told me that Tom now lives in Boston.
The OH&S guidelines include details on lifting heavy objects.
I sometimes think that God got overworked when He created human beings.
He is a great guy.
Sami reported this to the assistant principal.
Tom told me he's faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom's guardian angel watches over him.
Sami ate an entire dish.
Tom's not quite sure of that one.
The ablative plural of "rosa" is "rosis".
Can I invite my friend?
Put your hat back on.
They said that they're unhappy.
Tom's turn came.
Can Superman's x-ray vision see through adamantium?
Each baby would get a duvet cover.
He was trying to salvage any pride that he had.
I'm looking forward to visiting your country this winter.
This is a dirty and tiring job.
They'll kill you!
I've already called a taxi for you.
He's a talented young director.
The brave halfling stumbled from a frying pan straight into a fire.
I'm aware that you failed.
Tom has no real friends.
They believed there was a plot.
The new boys soon accustomed themselves to the school.
There's so much we haven't done yet.
We need to find out if Tom and Mary are planning on helping us.
Ah, shucks! My horse lost!
Mary said that she was satisfied.
It's my birthday today. I'm already eighteen.
Sami didn't like Layla's dress.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to wait.
So great was his emotion that he could not utter a word.
Tom slept in the guest bedroom.
I don't dare to do that kind of thing.
You weren't sure Tom had to do that, were you?
They broke their backs lifting Moloch to Heaven!
Mennad inspired Baya to do that.
I know Tom didn't know that he wasn't supposed to do that by himself.
Do you see the queen?
We need people like you.
Tom is fond of classical music.
The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the sun.
Take Tom for a swim.
It must be the postman.
How beautiful that flower is!
It feels very similar to this one.
I should've taken that more seriously.
He drank a beer.
Do you think you can help?
Her girlfriend is part of the itty bitty titty committee.
She refused to let her child go out in the rain.
I often wonder if I could do that.
Nothing will happen.
The match ended with no goal.
I'm starting to get hungry.
Sami and Layla were freaked out.
You've been gone for so long.
I have to see this movie.
Tired of reading, she took a nap.
Didn't you hear Sami scream like Tarzan?
This is a government project.
How nice of Noriko.
He ate dinner.
The time of monarchy and princing is over.
I sat near Tom.
Tom could sell that for a lot of money.
I still think Tom is guilty.
I hate the forest.
I think it might be dangerous for Mary to go skin diving by herself.
Illness often results from drinking too much.
The children play in the street.
Tom eats a sandwich every day for lunch.
In height he was rather over six feet, and so excessively lean that he seemed to be considerably taller.
I wonder if Tom could do anything to help.
She is good at making up interesting stories.
She died back then.
We aren't in China.
I love Anatolian languages.
She made a tour of America, stopping in six cities.
Don't give way to their request.
Listening to the orator's incoherent ramblings was excruciating.
Layla faced rapid dehydration.
It is in this room that our meeting will be held.
Tom's a heavy sleeper and didn't hear the intruder smash the lounge room window.
A bunch of separatist activists is in no way qualified to determine whether some language exists or doesn't exist.
He's not in yet.
Do you really think doing that would be impossible?
I didn't know that you needed to do that by yourselves.
He has a VIP pass.
Tom loved the work.
Didn't you hear her?
He may come and visit me any time he wants to.
I really appreciate your cooperation.
Tom escaped from several prisons.
He was listening to his iPod.
Tom must have been very afraid.
It's ridiculous.
I've done exactly what I promised to do.
I've been here since Monday.
I am not a dwarf. I am of short stature.
He says racial reconciliation and nation building will be the aims of his government.
Fuck your requirements.
Tom didn't hesitate for a moment.
She just can't stand him.
It's really humid here in the summer.
Sami should come back.
I'm calling her.
His colleagues were shocked to hear what had happened to him.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary still lived in Australia.
Tom fell through the ice into the frigid water.
I know Mary is pretty.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back right away.
The policeman asked the girls if that car was theirs.
Why would anyone go to all this trouble?
I thought that Tom was first.
They lost count.
I have lots of work to do tomorrow.
She lost many library books.
I've underestimated the str
The children chased after the circus parade.
I started that.
Tom was the soloist.
Tom likes playing video games.
I don't want to do that and Tom doesn't either.
Have you ever found a four-leaf clover?
He never even talked to her.
My father is away from home.
How young were you when you first started doing that?
Tom doesn't really seem to understand how to run meetings.
Dan started a fight with Matt.
Tom saved my life.
This watch costs 10 000 CFA francs.
Even though Mary said she could do that, she wasn't able to.
Enya’s music is good.
After her sickness, she's only a shadow of her former self.
Mary didn't say what time she'd be home.
She is less beautiful than her sister is.
My French isn't good enough.
Sami was in Egypt at the time.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
If you sum up feminist counselling in a few words, I suppose it would be counselling done from a woman's standpoint.
There's a famine.
Tom seemed bashful.
Anne locked the school door and went home.
Be careful what you do.
Are you still here?
Tom just doesn't listen.
Father is in the garden now.
All through the clip, that guy was staring at you very strangely.
"Age?" "16."
He is as skillful a surgeon as ever lived.
There is also a tendency to call "L'Auberge Espagnole" a pornographic film.
I am eating a banana.
You're a bit shorter than Tom is.
We didn't talk very much.
I pulled her by the sleeve, but she went on talking unconcernedly.
If you'd been there, we would've had a good time together.
Mary is probably still in her office.
He succeeded to his father's large property.
Somebody was in here.
Tom made Mary rich.
Never doubt the power of a committed minority to bring about change.
Tom is the one who taught me how to play poker.
I think you're too old for me.
I'm not as stubborn as you think.
Tom crawled silently into Mary's room.
My heart is beating so fast!
He has no moral values.
Tom told me that he still had a lot to do.
There were only six people in the meeting.
Why does he care about this?
I shouldn't have been there.
I'm glad it makes you so happy.
Cast pearls before swine.
They like their coffee without sugar.
Let me come in.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't strong.
There are no threats.
Tom explained his plan to everyone in the room.
Who should have done that?
Aren't you going to help us clean out the garage?
She's young, naive and inexperienced.
Tom was here on the evening of the 20th.
Tomorrow morning I'm going hunting. Do you want to come with me?
I wouldn't expect you to understand.
That sounded good.
Even though it's Monday, Tom will do that.
Tom might get lost.
I lost a school key when I was cleaning up after the school festival and I was then required to write an apology letter.
Tom and Mary said that they were really intrigued.
Tom's preference for classical music isn't shared by Mary.
Did you go to your high school prom?
We want you to feel welcome.
I don't know if what Tom said is true or not.
We'll proceed exactly as you suggest.
I live my life for the sake of myself.
Tom never permitted Mary to play the piano after 10:00 p.m.
I'm not sure.
You have a car.
Tom lived in Australia for years.
I thought you said you saw Tom this morning.
They admitted they weren't really rich.
You haven't yet paid me for the work I did for you.
I've had it with you.
Why don't Tom and Mary need to do that?
We are looking for an apartment.
How Tom did that doesn't matter much.
Our store has a monopoly on this item.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was right.
What a cute little girl!
I went straight home after work.
According to astrology, moon phases influence our lives.
I'm sorry to bother you about this at work.
Don't add phrases that you will not use them in everyday life.
My ears are cold.
Tom was very courteous to us.
Sami finished his semester.
She's in her car waiting for him.
Isn't his name Tom?
Mennad went to jail.
When he broke his leg, he had to use crutches for 3 months.
I wish that I'd come to Australia.
I suppose we could ask Tom why Mary isn't here.
Where's the rest of my money?
Her hands were cold and frostbitten.
We're still trying to figure out how Tom escaped.
At your age I already knew how to tie my shoes.
I doubt that Tom will ever forgive Mary for doing that.
Like all the other mermaids, she had no feet and instead of legs she had a fish's tail.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have let their children do that.
When I turned fifteen I started going out more.
Tom has a tough decision to make.
Tom still loves Mary.
Tom has told me he'll do that.
Mary is finally going to do what she told us she'd do.
Were Tom and Mary really able to do that without any help?
The girl has to match me in skill.
Has he got a chance of succeeding?
I don't think I want to study French with you.
I would be happy to be of any service to you.
Why haven't you told us?
Wow, you're good.
Do you like cities?
Such extravagance is beyond my reach.
How many guards are there?
Mary is a bit of a coward, isn't she?
Who teaches you French?
Tom and Mary should tell John they want to do that.
Tom did what he said he'd do.
Come and see me if you have any time.
Why would I help them?
Sami promised his mom he would not sneak out again.
My armpits were sweating.
Tom had three sons.
Tom said that Mary didn't look very angry.
Sami went skiing.
Sami wanted to tell that story.
I've always liked him.
How much is this pullover, please?
Didn't you know that Tom was going to go to Boston with Mary?
Tom has gained a lot of weight recently.
She believes she could do that.
I didn't want to drive.
An on-line form with data entry fields must guide users as to any error they made in filling out the form. It should preferably provide a example of the sort of data expected. The software script should never simply refuse to validate the input data without an explanation of what specific error made the filled-in form unacceptable.
The accident is reported in today's paper.
To be honest, I do not want to work with him.
She is no less beautiful than her sister is.
I'll go let him know.
Mary said she wouldn't attend the meeting.
The separatists use a lot of foul language with anyone who disagrees with them.
For this bad weather I don't feel like going out.
I asked twenty people to my party but not all of them came.
Tom was like that sometimes.
I knew you were bluffing.
Tom and Mary seem to be fighting all the time.
The other day something horrible happened in a Tokyo suburb.
I don't live in Australia yet.
Go mow the lawn.
He was born in 1960.
I don't have time for fairy tales.
Why is Tom studying French?
No one should've been surprised.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary planned on doing.
What account can you give of your misbehavior?
I'm that kind of girls who get on with boys better.
Mary was surprised by what she saw.
Change the orbit slightly of a single asteroid and we have big reptiles instead of people.
Layla bought another dress.
Sami really wanted something or someone to make him happy.
Laura is watching the news on television.
Evidence has been recovered.
What a great friend you are!
Both Tom and Mary are carpenters.
The volcano crumbled into the sea.
She has an indefinite contract.
No one knew what the alarm signaled when it sounded that afternoon, but, with the exception of those few unlucky enough to have been so
When Tom and Mary found out the truth, they were furious.
Tom has a Japanese car.
She's fixing the machine.
I thought you told me you wouldn't do that.
You're incorrect.
I'm going to work hard.
Although he works and has two kids, he has started studying at the university.
Her older brother is two years older than I.
It is fun to speak in English.
They told me they hadn't done that yet.
Sami had every intention of staying there.
Are you going to invite Tom?
Mennad's house doesn't have an attic.
Sami was dating Farid's girlfriend.
Tom is a very good soccer player.
I hope that was what you wanted.
I know that Tom doesn't know I don't often do that.
I caught three fish this morning.
Tom and Mary remained friends after they broke up.
It's a question of life or death.
In any case, you should come up to Tokyo.
When did Tom teach you to play that song?
It's an offensive joke.
Take a chance! All life is a chance.
I think you should let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
Do you think I'm witty.
Tom was here not too long ago.
I'll always be there for her.
Tom handed Mary her purse.
Sami wore an old jacket.
Tom stared blankly.
Tom and Mary told John that they wanted him to do that.
Tom said he was in Australia now.
It's everything we could've hoped for.
She hit him again and again.
I don't let Tom play outside.
She can't go to the party because she doesn't have a babysitter.
His father is an imam.
I'll just have a glass of water.
I'll be back in a week.
Her derogatory remarks towards her boss caused her to lose her job.
I don't want to fail the test.
When she saw me naked, she started laughing.
I'm really sorry about what I said.
I don't think that Tom has to do that either.
I didn't hear Tom snoring last night.
Tom drives a black pick-up truck.
I have been studying Chinese for two years.
We roared with laughter.
The coffee is great.
Tom wouldn't let anyone near the grill.
He says he can't walk any further.
He said that he was really sleepy.
I think that Tom didn't understand.
We are anxious for news of your safe arrival.
He said that he would be eighteen on his next birthday.
The children are in the attic.
You know Tom doesn't understand French, don't you?
He's black.
Mary decided to keep her distance.
Scales measure weight.
Tom and Mary said they weren't good chess players.
Don't you get lonely?
Did anybody ask Tom why he did that?
Tom and Mary said they were hoping you'd do that.
Sami seemed to be on the right path.
Mary held out her hand.
Wait one minute.
My birthday is in October.
You don't like this game.
It can't be stressed how important it is to wake up early.
Mother made me a doctor.
Tom's new wife's name is Mary.
I knew that Tom spent time over at Mary's.
It is computed at 10,000 yen.
Tom is a real good man.
Alcohol is a processed food.
The wedding was a lavish affair.
Why didn't you call anyone?
Sami felt so comfortable.
I sat down between them.
It is not humane.
Did you threaten her?
Tom didn't get arrested.
Sami wanted a better life for himself.
We can leave now if we want to.
We were together for about three months.
Was Tom a sailor?
Why would anyone want to live here?
Tom plugged his speakers into his music player.
I don't know when you will leave there.
You'll never guess what happened just after you left.
A person with weak eyes can't see far.
I hope Tom isn't mistaken.
The object flew away to the south, giving out flashes of light.
Tom is doing the right thing, isn't he?
All you have to do is just sit there and listen.
I wonder if I could help Tom.
We're stuck here for now.
Have you already tried it?
Tom isn't busy, but Mary is.
Are you sure it was him?
Tom refuses to pay alimony.
He won't always be around.
She's used to that, isn't she?
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that.
Currently, the region supports 10-20 million head of cattle.
Tom is quite mean, isn't he?
Mennad wrote down the score.
He traveled throughout the country.
Tom said nobody was in the classroom.
Please tell Mary she shouldn't do that until Tom gets here.
Tom says it's time we did something about that.
Half the world knows not how the other half lives.
School is a waste of time.
It's nothing to write home about.
Do you think Tom will be early?
Did you really think Tom was going to do that?
Tom said that he thought Mary might be allowed to do that.
Did you find the book you were looking for?
She attacked him with a baseball bat.
Tom knows where to go to get the best prices.
The odds were seemingly insurmountable but he overcame them to win the presidency.
Tom said he wished he hadn't given his phone number to Mary.
He promised me he'd clean my room.
Tom likes to put sauerkraut on hot dogs.
I don't like this shirt. Please show me another one.
Why are you calling Tom?
It's possible, but not probable.
Is Tom going to the market right now?
And I grabbed him by his feet and said: "How humiliating this must be for you!"
Tom is self-absorbed.
Tom is going to need to do that.
Do you like that band?
The bank secured the city from a flood.
I'll get my sister pick you up at the station.
I must contact her.
Mary was raised by her grandfather.
Tom frequently makes mistakes.
He was naughty when a boy.
He doesn't look like he's lonely.
Tom has the exact same goal.
We were told Tom wanted our help.
“I think (technology) has been a really good tool for doing research, and having all sorts of information at my fingertips has helped me be proactive in my learning in some ways,” Liebers said.
Tom is better-looking than I am.
I guess this is yours.
We haven't lost yet.
I don't want to tell Tom I've been to Australia.
Tom wanted to help them.
Hopefully he'll wait for me.
It's obvious that you're no longer interested.
Tom looked so funny that I couldn't help laughing.
There's a bomb on the plane.
It was Tom who first suggested that we hire Mary.
What do Tom and Mary do every morning?
What is the most popular sport in America?
Tom said Mary wasn't home every Monday.
If you eat that much, you'll get a stomachache.
What lies are truth?
Sami was at the table.
Four horses roam the pasture.
How many men are guarding him?
It was a seemingly empty restaurant.
Those findings match my own observations.
The licence has expired.
Are you guys sure about this?
Thomas thinks he's the center of the world. He's very egocentric.
Opposite the station.
When Tom woke up, everything was covered with snow.
I looked around, but saw nothing.
It was Berber class.
We need to build an app.
We can be held responsible.
Tom retired from baseball in 2013.
Tom is an outstanding baseball player.
I was surprised that Tom was there.
You can't make me do that.
Tom is aware he's being watched.
I wonder how it got broken.
Tom was reading a newspaper in his pajamas.
I couldn't let Tom go without saying goodbye.
Tom doesn't want this.
I've promised not to do that again.
I assumed she was your girlfriend.
He can't do it all himself.
She changed her password.
The doctor checked Sami's eyes.
"We tried to get together, like, at least once a week." "And who all do you play with?"
I tried to warn Tom about her, but he won't listen to me.
Mary always did her best to help me.
Tom said that he didn't have your permission to do that.
Mary's cat likes to play the piano.
Tom doesn't appear to be getting up.
I just didn't sleep well.
She didn't want to believe that video game developers wanted players to become addicted, but she had to admit that encouraging gambling with real money within a game sounded shady.
He entered civil service 20 years ago right after college.
I like Australia a lot.
I ran into an old friend in the park.
Perseverance conquers the worst obstacles.
Tom had a right to defend himself.
He looks awake.
I don't like spinach at all.
Tom knew that I was here.
What you're doing is wrong.
In this final tutorial, we look at multivariable cases.
She couldn't put her gloves on.
Tom is going to stay here tonight.
Tom called to tell me he'd been in a traffic accident.
Sami's hands smell like a baby's bottom.
Is today Friday?
Why are you telling me now?
I don't think that I have the willpower to quit smoking.
Mennad doesn't deserve to feel happy.
Why don't you come here for a second?
That's another story.
The sunbeam acts upon the skin.
Kiss me goodnight.
I thought your shift ended a couple of hours ago.
That's the big question, isn't it?
Tom isn't likable.
It sounds like everyone is asleep.
Has Tom ever written a letter in French?
How often do you buy flowers?
Mary asked Tom to help her organize the party.
How long have Tom and Mary been yelling at each other?
To give up smoking was the hardest thing I've done in my life.
Sami thanked Layla for the gift.
Mary has three young kids of her own.
I'm shivering.
I lived with Tom for a few years.
She cleaned the house all by herself.
There are no pens on the desk.
He looked like he was having fun.
Tom became a fortune teller.
Don't underestimate the incredible power of a simple smile and a kind word.
I only go to church out of duty to my mother.
They told me I had to sit in the back of the bus.
Is Tom coming to kill us?
Layla is Sami's girlfriend.
Tom is open to everything.
You're not one of us.
Tom has never flown in a plane.
How were Tom and Mary able to buy a car like that?
I don't want to be too categorical!
He's looking for his dog.
When did you find out that Tom didn't know how to do that?
I need a job.
Tom was bored out of his skull.
Neither Tom nor Mary is in Boston.
All you need to do is just sit here.
I just need you to trust me, OK?
I don't think that we have to worry about anyone showing up tonight.
Stir the soup until it boils.
I had the best time of my life.
Didn't you have the flu last week?
They're in their rooms, aren't they?
I could've gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't.
The packet of sugar has holes in it.
Sami is going over to Layla's.
I thought Tom liked me as much as I liked him.
I think that Tom was impressed with your work.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think I had the guts to do that.
It would be stupid to try doing that by ourselves.
I don't think Tom is the philosophical type.
I don't want her to get angry.
She can speak English very naturally.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
This medicine has no harmful side-effects.
Sami was getting overwhelmed.
Tom got up from the table and went into the kitchen.
It's late, let's get out of here!
They didn't know they had to do that.
I don't ever want to do this again.
I never had the opportunity to do that.
I had no idea that you were coming.
I translate what I want!
I can't tell you any particulars. I am bound to secrecy.
He offered to help her find her lost puppy.
Sometimes I write longer sentences because they offer more information or context and are useful to work out the meaning of words.
She started to yell at him.
She seemed comfortable talking with me.
Tell me a little about Tom.
She has a fertile imagination.
The dish fell on the floor with a crash.
I didn't know you were planning on doing that today.
I'll visit whenever I can.
Tom gets bored easily.
I really enjoyed talking with you.
His conversion to Islam is such an incredible story.
Tom gets home almost every day at 2:30.
Sami asked Layla to help him and she of course obliged.
Did you know that Tove Jansson is not only mother of the Moomin, but also a extremely gifted artist?
The moon, an old woman with no ears.
The weather report said that there will be thunderstorms tomorrow evening.
I didn't know Tom was going to be at the party last week.
She must have seen me.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed.
Stan is Dipper and Mabel's gruncle.
I took many selfies in Kabylie.
Tom would have apologized to Mary if he had thought it was important.
Sales have been off this month.
It's unbecoming to speak of money.
May I have your next dance?
I don't think Tom would be bored if you told him about your trip.
How happy I am!
I will be here Wednesday afternoon.
They say that they'd never leave early.
What has Tom ever done for me?
I think Tom and Mary have already done that.
We're in for the long haul.
It doesn't seem very fair.
He does everything well.
Sami is a school coach.
We're crazy.
I don't like confrontation.
What lesson do you like most of all?
It seemed Tom and Mary were depressed.
I dislike working with Tom.
Sami heard the door slam.
Can I assume that you're interested now?
The number of people who do that has increased.
This floor needs a good scrubbing.
Tom asked Mary to stop emailing him.
This wine is red.
God rewards diligent people.
He's writing a book about you.
I have a lot of energy.
John is at Window Rock.
In reverse order tonight.
Dan claimed that he acted in self-defence.
Mary said that she wasn't mad anymore.
You are our pride.
She has a sharp nose.
Tom should be up by now.
She jumped out of the car and ran away.
Tom said that Mary was thankful for the chance to do that.
Tom was late for French class.
We often eat lunch at that small restaurant around the corner.
Ruby Gillis says that when a man is courting he always has to agree with the girl's mother in religion and her father in politics.
Should he come, what should I say to him?
I can barely speak French.
Tom claims he saw some aliens getting out of a spaceship.
He mistook the bottle of acid for water and drank it.
Kunihiko hit the target with his first shot.
She's a painter, isn't she?
Let's dance, my darling.
He said he could help us.
It's a terrific idea.
Tom finally realized there was something wrong.
We made plans.
Now's not the time to be showing off!
His parents were both teachers.
Apparently, there is a range of family problems.
Tom told Mary that I was motivated to do that.
The crowd is going nuts.
Tom suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.
Tom told me that he was drunk.
You should not drink a lot of liquid.
Tom said he heard a dog barking.
She says she wants me to go to Boston with him.
He ought to take his medication.
Mary is a doctor like her father was.
Tom has no idea why that happened.
That isn't what I was saying at all.
I've seen these pictures.
Tom found that difficult to believe.
I don't think that Tom would like it if I did that.
Tom blew a raspberry at Mary and ran away.
The actor is two years senior to me.
Tom said he understood why Mary didn't want to do that.
They were praying in public.
I'm not going anywhere tonight.
You're exactly right.
It just makes me sick.
Mary cut the rope with her knife.
These people are also Muslims.
Tom and Mary don't see why they shouldn't do that.
I almost pushed the wrong button.
I never told Tom about that.
We might do that in the afternoon.
I'm actually pretty tired.
Mary is better off than she was this time last year.
You had to make everything yourselves.
Sami was embarrassed.
Tom made a polite bow to me.
I don't think that Tom really likes doing that very much.
Mary wanted to learn how to defend herself.
Sami walked past and didn't say anything.
I want to be with Tom.
I think we're just about there.
I know Tom doesn't know why Mary had to do that by herself.
They held up their right hands.
He raises horses.
It's an olympic record.
Tom told me that he was done, too.
Mary put her bag on the counter.
Tom shot Mary three times.
He knows neither German nor French.
Five minutes ago I was so miserable I was wishing I'd never been born and now I wouldn't change places with an angel!
Tom and Mary are goofing around.
We should teach children how to protect themselves.
I know that you must be terrified.
Were you hurt?
I left Shanghai last year and have not yet been back.
Who else was at the party?
Mary is great with children, isn't she?
He is said to have lost all his money.
Tom pushed Mary away.
Mennad canceled his appointment.
Tom still doesn't know that I'm here.
Dan and Linda stopped talking to each other.
It's clear that Tom and Mary aren't yet convinced.
I suspect that Tom won't help me do that.
The present they bought is for themselves.
You don't know why Tom and Mary are doing that, do you?
We're going to eat right now.
Tom and Mary said they probably aren't going to win.
We could've had some fun together.
I should have done that with Tom.
Tom declared bankruptcy.
How far is it from your house to town?
Tom's hat got blown off his head.
"And deep within the sides of pine / and caverns of the womb by stealth enclose / armed men, a chosen band, drawn as the lots dispose."
Tom won't let Mary drive.
Whose dictionary is it on the table?
They opened the bag.
I should've never left early.
I caught up with them soon.
Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get here.
You are my leader.
I didn't think we had any chance of winning.
He returned to Algeria to rekindle his relationship with Skura.
The government is promoting the use of domestically made products.
The shop has been closed since five o'clock.
He's insightful.
Have you really been trying to lose weight?
We didn't do everything we were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary hinted very strongly that they wanted to go home.
You can still improve your Berber.
"Will you lend me your Terence?" "I will, if you will get it from Conrad, whom I gave it to use."
Anything could happen.
I hide the true amount from her.
We're in for it now.
Conservationists in Australia are hoping infrared drones might help save the remaining koala population in New South Wales.
What Tom said really hurt me.
Layla felt proud with wearing the hijab.
We're talking about insects.
Buy me a bike.
Tom works from early in the morning until late at night every day.
I really like oysters.
He's almost legally blind.
Is someone here?
Even if it rains, I will start early tomorrow morning.
Tom grew up in a very wealthy family.
Tom must have lied to us.
Tom seemed reluctant to help.
We followed him for five months.
We would've come back if we'd known that you wanted us to.
That was a heartfelt performance.
I know Tom was here.
Peel the potatoes and the carrots.
I can't tell anyone.
It's hard for me to understand Italian when it is spoken quickly.
Tom said that he had something important to ask Mary.
How could you possibly remember that?
Tom wanted a divorce.
Tatoeba: We've got sentences older than you.
It's no use for him to try to find out the real reason.
Mary has done her best.
I've had recurring nightmares about this speech.
What are Tom and Mary going to do with all that money?
Tom seems to be playing games all the time.
My hobby: inventing irregular forms of verbs.
Let's start by introducing ourselves.
Tom is sitting in the front pass
Dinner will be ready soon.
Tom drew the shortest straw.
Tom and Mary sat next to each other at the table in the conference room.
Tom never expected to be able to do that again.
That's a beautiful piece of meat.
Tom didn't want to go to war.
Tom said that he felt uncomfortable.
How cold is it?
The Earth orbits around the Sun. It takes one year to go around the Sun one complete time.
Could you tell me how to get there?
Mary slumped in her chair.
Tom says he knows that Mary won't go to Boston unless he goes with her.
Those are windows.
Layla was really impressed.
I don't yet have enough money to buy a house.
The wood was very dark, and she could not help trembling from fear.
It's time for me to go.
Do you want me to keep Tom and Mary company?
Tom and Mary said they were annoyed.
Does Tom still swim every day?
I may not be at tonight's party.
Everybody in the office was impressed with how Tom handled the problem.
Tom said Mary knew that he might not have to do that until 2:30.
The sea otter swam through the kelp forest.
This is a picture of them.
If Tom has a problem with me, he should tell me.
Will it be all right to do that today?
Life without a credit card is hard.
Tom usually washes the dishes.
Tom remained skeptical.
Mary only swears when she's angry.
Here's another question.
Tom thinks that he's the best swimmer here.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary would be quiet.
This table is unusable since it is missing a leg.
Tom knows how to enjoy life.
Tom paid for Mary's French lessons.
Tom thought that he was going to lose Mary.
The backpack looks a bit tatty now, but is still fully functional.
Where is the Portuguese office?
Please notify me by e-mail about any bugs found or missing functions that you want to be included in future versions of the BMI calculator.
Is it snowy?
Tom lay down in the grass and looked up at the blue sky.
Tom was there yesterday morning.
Look at what you've become.
Tom has been a good friend.
It didn't go well.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were finished doing that.
We haven't been introduced yet.
She went to the airport to see him off.
I feel threatened right now.
You need to print your ticket at home or show your ticket using your cellphone.
I'm just getting ready to do that.
Tom and Mary overstayed their visas.
Tom peeked through the curtains.
I like your tie.
He had a rough night.
Did Tom give you something?
That was unpleasant.
Tom spent many hours using the language website, tatoeba.org, to improve his English.
I had been to the hospital before you came.
You came just in time.
They looked tired when they got home.
Mary says she can't prove Tom didn't do that.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that anymore.
He suggested to me that I should take her there.
Muhammad, peace be upon him, is the prophet of Islam.
I became very nervous when I couldn't locate my passport.
Dan's death sentence was commuted to life in prison without parole.
Do fish have vocal chords?
Tom and Mary restored an old house.
I wonder how Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
Hello Tom! When did you come?
I know Tom is a better tennis player than you.
Could I have a minute with you?
Serve some juice to Tom.
Tom and Mary painted their rooms white.
How's Tom getting back to Boston?
Why didn't you tell me?
All their secrets have been revealed.
It was both energizing and exhausting.
It's his first time wearing glasses.
I'll find a way to do that.
As I thought, he's a virgin!
Tom was as scared as Mary.
Mary says if she doesn't do that, Tom will be angry.
Start from the basics.
It mortifies me.
Sami rolled out of bed.
Sami seems to be taking his job very seriously.
We should do as much as we can for Tom.
The garden is common to the two houses.
Such a lifestyle appears rather uninteresting to Americans.
I didn't want any of my friends to know I couldn't do that.
Sami attended the funeral prayer of Fadil.
I asked Tom if there was something I could buy for him.
It didn't take us much time to do that.
I overheard their mockery.
What've you prepared?
Tom and I are both angry.
Tom will do that the next time.
Why is there no hot water?
I like to write short paragraphs.
I can't for the life of me remember her phone number.
Mary said she's through doing that.
Mennad's Egyptian girlfriend ditched him.
Mike works out in the gym two or three times a week.
Who's the best singer in our company?
He's a gymnast.
Tom told Mary not to do that again.
Sami continued to live normally.
How do people like you get to be people like you?
After turning from the main road up a narrow lane, so thickly shaded with forest-trees as to give it a complete air of seclusion, we came in sight of the cottage.
When do you go?
Tom sliced the loaf of bread.
We'll go ahead as planned.
I don't think that I'll permit Tom to do that.
Tom isn't like the other boys on the team.
The red skirt is new.
The child was feeding the monkey with the banana.
Are you really not mad at me?
Tom doesn't want to buy any books.
I chose a word carefully.
What does the bill come to?
Tom is materialistic.
I have two arms and ten fingers.
God's law forbids taking bribes.
I'm not good at speaking English yet.
I cannot make out why he isn't here yet.
Please don't make me beg.
I don't believe that Tom and Mary are guilty.
Tom owns a small piece of land in the country.
I know that Tom knows when I have to do that.
My bills have gone up.
No man is free from sin.
Tell me as much about that as possible.
Copyright tip #2: The US copyright law lists purposes for which reproduction of a particular work may be considered fair - purposes like criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching and research.
Tom wasn't able to make himself understood in French.
I'm away from my kids.
Tom has promised to make amends.
Tom has told me he has to go to Australia next week.
Oh! Thank you, my dear.
The early bird catches the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese!
I'll do that tomorrow or the day after.
I'm sorry that I made you worry.
Tom claims to have seen a Tasmanian tiger.
I think it'll be easy.
She said she was upset.
I'm of no use to you here.
Tom works in Boston, doesn't he?
His teacher is not coming.
I suggest we put on some clean clothes.
Mary said she thought Tom might be allowed to do that.
Just let me finish.
Didn't you know that Tom was adopted?
I wonder if Tom told Mary she shouldn't leave early.
Healthy competition is always good.
I knew that you knew how to speak French.
Algerians are brave people.
Soy is a food for animals that's full of protein.
I went to her party.
I don't care why Tom wanted to do that.
I know Tom isn't a good musician.
The high-ranking government official ruled out the possibility of a general election.
What was Tom doing in there?
Algeria has a cool flag.
Come on, you can clap louder than that.
Sami explained Layla how everything worked.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't know how to play the oboe.
Our cells often use the same machinery to do different jobs.
I'm not much of a one for art.
They removed their gloves.
Tom has been told what to do more than once.
He stood agape for a moment in front of the painting, surprised at its realism.
The gentle-looking old man got up and gave his hand to me.
Where did Tom eat?
She told me that she didn't smoke.
He demonstrated new vacuum cleaners.
Stop me if I go off on a tangent.
That's Tom's dictionary.
Tom and Mary were stranded on a desert island.
No one was safe from Fadil's paranoia.
Tom doesn't ever sing.
Don’t be afraid to ask your pharmacist about over-the-counter drugs.
Do you really think I wanted this?
Sami is not able to control his facial expressions.
It is no use trying to solve this problem.
Tom planned on going alone.
It seems that Tom doesn't want to do that.
You're a very classy guy.
She speaks English, and French as well.
Is the well deep?
Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.
Did you take it out of the oven too soon?
Sami was drinking wine in his car.
God is not dead, He is surely alive.
She is going to buy something tomorrow, so she is happy.
Tom often borrows books from Mary.
Tom told me he thought he was going to be able to do that.
And Jared lived a hundred and sixty-two years, and begot Henoch.
How did you lose?
She isn't wearing her seat belt.
It was a suicide bombing.
There is a sense of responsibility for the future.
Yanni and Skura loved it here.
He already knows.
Are white lies really necessary in our social life?
This prisoner's not to be trusted.
They tried to kill him.
Sami's friend was murdered.
Why are you being so courteous?
Sami said goodbye to Layla.
He wants to spend some more time with her.
Sami was violent and he would easily fly off the handle.
Mary is secretive, isn't she?
Tom is willing to try new things.
She threw her arms round his neck, and held him fast, while she exclaimed, "Kay, dear little Kay, I have found you at last."
She felt that she had a lot to offer.
Leave us alone, please.
Where did she catch all those fish?
It is not nice to snitch, but Snow White's Prince Charming doesn't know what really happened in the tiny cottage.
This is snowy weather is giving me cabin fever.
I looked into the next room.
With warmer, drier conditions, the trees are more likely to become infected with insects.
I wonder if he will come.
I wish all people would love peace.
I think I still have time to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
She almost forgot her umbrella.
I'm not feeling right.
Tom said he thought that he might not be required to do that.
They say they should do that.
Sami's phone was covered in blood.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy the computer that he wants.
Can we meet somewhere?
I want to see him at all costs.
Tell your sister to consume local artists instead of listening to Bono.
Tom can barely breathe.
Tom has an adult daughter.
Tom will hear you.
I'll tell her, if I don't forget.
How much support did you get?
You know what Fadil is capable of.
Mary is a good student, isn't she?
We were all alone.
This forest is full of diversity.
Hi, my name is Ken Saitou.
Tom said that there were no problems.
Tom is probably finished doing that by now.
There is money on the table.
Sit tight for a second.
It's too late.
"Finding water in a potentially habitable world other than Earth is incredibly exciting," said Angelos Tsiaras, lead author of the UCL report that was published in the journal Nature Astronomy.
Tom joined Mary's band as a drummer.
I'll tell the others.
I'm afraid if Jeremy gets out of line just one more time, they will make him leave school.
Don't walk past me as if we were strangers.
Don't you want to do that with Tom again?
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are thirsty.
Peanuts are part of the legume or bean family.
He doesn't even live in Kabylie.
Tom said that was not his problem.
Tom knew that.
I don't think Tom knows how to play the trombone.
Did you have a rough day?
Do you know what the weather forecast is for tomorrow?
Tell me how to get to the post office from here.
The "tricolor" isn't the only tricolor flag in the world.
Tom thought that I should do that.
To lose faith in God is to lose your guide.
It's bad for your back.
Only I could answer the question correctly.
Perhaps it'll snow tomorrow.
I have no shield.
He still has to talk to her.
We don't have a solution.
We want to know why.
Hail a cab.
Tom let me know that he wanted to drive.
I ended up doing something I didn't want to do.
That's more than enough.
I know Tom wouldn't likely do that.
Mary knew there was no way she could do that.
North Africa was the bread basket of the Roman Empire.
I'm not inspired anymore.
Tom could hurt himself.
People are so selfish.
Tom probably shouldn't tell Mary about the accident.
Please give me another towel.
I prefer not to comment.
Tom probably knows more about the incident than he told us.
Do you know how Tom did that?
The sun has nine planets.
He ate all of the apple.
She is a blonde girl.
I wonder whether or not that's true.
Sami is hanging out on a yacht in Egypt.
I can see so much light ahead of me.
Tell her it's not my fault.
Tom is used to living alone.
Sami and Layla shared an apartment together.
Tom is a representative in the computer industry.
Tom didn't recognize me.
Tom has made his choice.
Tom and Mary would be surprised if they saw John doing that.
You'd better send for the doctor at once.
She had everything going for her.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are warm enough?
I wonder if Tom can swim as well as Mary.
Tom begged Mary not to leave.
Tom was the only one without enough money for the trip.
I think you should come.
He's grouchy.
I'm sorry to hear about your sick mother.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely eat lunch with us.
Who threw this stone through the window?
So you're politicians, right?
We had a party yesterday.
Tom let Mary go fishing by herself.
We moved to Boston last fall.
How many crazy people are there in this town?
Dania still had her man.
Do you guys intend to go to the movies today?
Why all the fuss?
I don't feel responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't feeling very tired.
I've misjudged you.
I want to go on a picnic.
I think it's time to start getting ready.
Tom doesn't even want to get a driver's license.
Mary didn't mention why she was looking for Tom.
Treat a decayed tooth.
Mennad is going to get it on the first try.
In Algeria ministers make a televised prayer for rain in drought, but they all have cisterns at home.
It's a free service.
I was tricked into doing it.
What do women find attractive in a man?
Did he laugh at you?
Don't interrupt Tom when he is making a call!
Tom doesn't do that as often as I do.
Next time, get your sister to come.
I'm sure Tom appreciates what you've done for him.
This is exactly what we want.
A great fire was lighted in the courtyard in which she was to be burnt, and the King stood above at the window and looked on with tearful eyes, because he still loved her so much.
Mary got up from her chair.
I've got a touch of the flu.
They said they've been here before.
You're not the only one who doesn't like Tom.
In other words, you don't know either.
They prayed in the garage.
We should pin a medal on Tom.
She suffers from alexic reading disorder.
It's not easy for Tom to get off work early.
Tom told me not to leave early.
Identity is a hotly debated topic in Egypt and the countries of the Maghreb.
The man asked me who I was, but I didn't think I had to answer.
What frightened my dog?
When did you see the film?
We looked for it high and low.
Tom was the first one to get here this morning.
You should be a little more sensible.
I found a lost cat for which its owner had been searching.
We don't say that anymore.
"Tatoeba" means "for example" in Japanese.
Canada is awesome!
I know how confusing this must be for you.
I love you like crazy.
The cat jumps on top of the table.
You want to get married?
This novel was written by Algerian writer Mouloud Mammeri.
I believe steadily that a new beginning is possible.
It was something else.
We need to do what we can.
Don't get lost yet again.
You really don't realize what's happening, do you?
Mary said that Tom yelled at her.
Tom doesn't study French here.
I know Tom is a special kid.
I've recently changed brands of toothpaste.
Tom probably won't find what he's looking for.
He's trying to correct his scoliosis.
He knows that you know.
I doubt Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
The pencil you used to write the poem was blunt.
I wish it would rain.
Tom wanted me to do that, didn't he?
The sight before her horrified her.
He played a very important part in our scientific research.
Tom and Mary thought that they should go to Boston to be with John.
Examine the car before you drive it.
Algeria exports oil and gas.
They're policemen.
Mary has lost her job and her house.
Tom was convicted of first-degree murder.
"Bad hair day".
I don't know what Tom promised.
Tom thought that Mary would be reasonable.
I never forgot those things.
Sami married a beautiful girl.
I don't think I hurt Tom.
Sami completely stopped talking to me.
Tom said that he thought he knew what to do.
I seldom do that.
Have you ever had a girlfriend?
All the pass
Tom and Mary look like they're dubious.
Will you join me for breakfast?
"I might like to know about your relations with men." "Relations with men?" "Things like who you get on well with, who you've dated and such."
Is there life on other worlds?
How can you put up with that guy?
Tom isn't fat.
Tom has a pet rock.
Sounds like you're having fun.
Choose a product.
Do you think that Tom would allow Mary to do that?
Tom couldn't find anyone for the job.
Never ever do it like this again.
Tom said he and Mary played tennis yesterday morning.
Sami eulogized the man he murdered.
I am nothing but a poor peasant.
He held the trophy up high.
I don't know who to give the envelope to.
Mary may do anything she wants.
I'll be sure to let them know.
Sami's story is pretty ridiculous.
If she had not advised her son, he would not have succeeded.
I know you recently retired.
Tom and I both made mistakes.
Don't try to intimidate me.
This chair is made from recycled materials.
What kind of place is this?
He told me he wasn't happy.
I don't think Tom is a plumber.
He shaved his mustache.
It's sunny today.
I have to tip my hat to Tom.
How many windows are there in your bedroom?
I want you to picture me singing on stage.
Sami was dating again.
That wasn't my question.
Tom made a good decision.
Sami tried to confuse Layla.
He looks like he's angry.
Tom began to wonder how Mary always seemed to know where he'd been.
They're heavily armed.
I'm not in.
My father likes tennis.
Is there anything you have to tell me?
We don't have any chance of winning.
A book worth reading is worth reading twice.
Sami and Layla started working to save their marriage.
I'm very pleased to announce that Tom Jackson will be my running mate.
This is same car that we were in yesterday.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't here today.
Mary sorrowfully buried her son.
My elder sister is good at playing the guitar.
I was asked a question I couldn't answer.
Tom was awarded a knighthood.
I think that it matters.
This is mine, right?
I promise I'll be there by 2:30.
I invited Tom over for dinner.
Tom and Mary said they were going to be here.
I spoke French with Tom.
He knows how I feel about her.
The conversation lasted until after midnight.
There were no students who went to the party.
I know that Tom is finicky.
This bird can fly.
Light and sound travel in waves.
Those shoes are out of date.
Don't cut it too short in the front.
Sami wanted to take it to the next level.
Please tell me how you found out Tom did that.
I'll look after Tom for you.
I had thought that it would be good if I had been able to meet her there.
Mary says she needs a vacation.
Sami's little sister was six years old.
Tom is scared to go there by himself.
Mary is an archeology student.
Tom couldn't do that anymore.
How do we get started?
I have to report this.
I am not afraid of telling the truth.
Whoever says so, it is not true.
Tom served dinner.
What makes you think you have to do that?
Tom became a police sergeant.
Tom is choking to death.
Are increases in life expectancy accompanied by a concurrent postponement of disability and functional limitations?
Tom's kids have a lot more toys than he had when he was young.
I don't believe that Tom was really able to build his house for less than three thousand dollars.
I would like to buy a dog.
I really want to see you today.
A rose in paintings is often a symbol of love.
This rice is delicious.
The path is broken.
They told me they liked rain.
They said they were too young to vote.
If you want me to, I'll buy that for you.
It's a matter of when, not if.
Fadil got away with murder. Plain and simple.
It's Tom I want to see.
Tom had a big smile on his face.
Tom and Mary knew they'd have to wait.
I know Tom is right and that we're wrong.
Why can't Tom and Mary do that now?
Be generous; don't think only of his faults.
I didn't care whether we did that or not.
The coin is silver.
Daddy, what are you doing there?
Mary should be able to do that if she tries.
Sami was tired of me.
You're the only one who doesn't seem to be happy.
Perseverance is, among other things, necessary for success.
The beech woods of Denmark are acknowledged by everyone to be very beautiful.
I hope this'll be the last time I see you.
Tom told me he thought Mary was strong.
I have to go back to Australia.
I do want to do that at least one more time.
I want to have a look around.
It's only twenty minutes to the station by taxi.
Mary is fine now, isn't she?
Mountain climbing isn't something that I really enjoy so much.
I don't think that Tom knows how much money was stolen from the safe.
And being touched inwardly with sorrow of heart, he said: I will destroy man, whom I have created, from the face of the earth, from man even to beasts, from the creeping thing even to the fowls of the air, for it repenteth me that I have made them.
We became fast friends.
Quit lazing around and get moving!
You were eating a sandwich.
Sami knew the whole time that Layla was a cheater.
I don't think Tom will ever be able to do that.
Why did Tom and Mary spend time in prison?
Sami is happy that he has that house.
What do you want that for?
Tom doesn't frighten me.
Eat a piece of cake.
Do you know what caused the problem?
I'll go by myself.
Tom and Mary aren't children anymore.
You'll fit in well.
In a way, I'm glad I never met Tom.
Do you know his older brother?
Tom never ceases to amaze me.
I can carry that for you if you'd like me to.
There are no less than two hundred trees in the park.
Tom and Mary decorated the Christmas tree.
Is Tom any good at baseball?
She said she felt the same.
Do you feel OK?
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning to go.
What do you do when you're not helping Tom?
He's going to the mosque.
His disjointed term paper earned him a grade of 63%. Of course, he was not very logical himself.
Sami needed glasses.
This umbrella doesn't belong to you, does it?
Tom has done that countless times.
They say they teach French.
There's a hero, if you look inside your heart.
It happened while I wasn't looking.
She said that she understood French.
I often have to talk to people I don't like.
I'm not myself an interpreter.
I don't find that funny.
He works.
I've seen Tom dance.
They claim they saw the accident.
If Tom had asked me for help, I would've helped him.
Documents relating to his private life were stolen in the burglary.
Tom was very manipulative.
Tom isn't sure what's going on.
I know that Tom has decided not to do that.
I wouldn't have such a good job if you hadn't help me find it.
The same rocket technology that delivers nuclear warheads has also taken us peacefully into space. From that perspective, we see our Earth as it really is—a small and fragile and beautiful blue globe, the only home we have.
You would think that, but you would be wrong.
I've spent ₹8,500 this month so far.
This is the sixth time that I have spoken of the topic.
Tom wishes he'd won.
And Pharaoh said to Moses: Get thee from me, and beware thou see not my face any more: in what day soever thou shalt come in my sight, thou shalt die.
The richest man in the world cannot buy her love.
"We do not work for gain," answered the Fox. "We work only to enrich others."
Sami offered Layla a place to stay.
She never denied she did that.
It's as easy as falling off a log.
I didn't know Tom was allergic to bees.
I'm willing to do whatever it takes to get this job done.
What is she eating?
Do what you can do.
I knew Tom would be allowed to do what he wanted.
Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out a handful of coins.
I remained silent.
It's part of growing up.
Don't worry about the cost.
Dear friends!
Tom and Mary will be arrested if they do that again.
I don't think I have the time to help you today.
I pointed at him.
I make it a point to shine my shoes before I go to bed.
Would I look good with a mustache?
The payment will be deferred for two years.
I'm supposed to help Tom.
They locked their dog in the bathroom.
Tom figured out a way to do that.
When you're fed up with the school cafe you can buy something at Bellfa or eat at a family restaurant.
She's beautiful regardless what she wears.
Tom told everyone he was jealous.
Six of them are returning.
Tom already knows that Mary wants to do that next Monday.
It could have been worse.
We love going on picnics.
I can't stand those goody-goody types.
This is the place where the accident was.
This boat has six oars.
The ancient theater of Epidaurus, renowned for its acoustics, has reopened for a limited number of open-air performance.
We will now report on this year's business results.
Tom regretted quitting his job.
How is your first name pronounced?
I didn't realize that Tom was so gullible.
He is going to do something about it.
Tom said he had to go home early.
This isn't a bad thing.
Tom and Mary said they're hungry.
Sami started getting a massive headache.
Tom and Mary will pay me back what they owe me on Monday.
Welcome to Tatoeba, my friend.
Peace cannot exist without tolerance.
Tom lent thirty dollars to Mary.
Tom let me know he could do that.
Tom and Mary said that they believed in ghosts.
Tom can do it if he tries.
Is Armenia a member of the European Union?
I didn't want to lose her.
The only train that crosses the city doesn't carry pass
I'm not letting you leave.
All of his friends thought that he was happy.
I don't speak French as well as I speak English.
They say they know you.
Tom should let Mary eat as much as she wants to.
It's hard to surprise Tom.
I thought that Tom was your best friend.
The hotel is within easy access of the station.
Yanni wondered what Skura was doing out so late.
Who's going to check with Tom?
An eye for an eye and the world goes blind.
He doesn't even know how to sew on a button.
Tom really looks a lot like John.
I hoping that I can live here with you.
That was dangerous.
The rare video was recorded in February with high-tech field cameras set up in the area to track and monitor the wild snow leopard population in the region.
And for that thou didst see the second time a dream pertaining to the same thing: it is a token of the certainty, and that the word of God cometh to pass, and is fulfilled speedily.
I'm not famous.
Mary said it was her who had to do that.
Now they were both old, and far advanced in years, and it had ceased to be with Sara after the manner of women.
I don't feel like studying today. Let's go to a soccer game.
Has he forgotten the money?
I know Tom and Mary are likely to do that.
Your marriage is in trouble.
Our younger brother is making a phone call.
Tom knew what Mary was cooking.
They'll be watching you.
Tom is humiliated.
Remind him to come home early.
Why isn't she dancing?
The chuch wouldn't allow that.
Mary is a graduate maths student at the University of Cambridge.
Applications are accepted until tomorrow.
Tom was able to get the job.
Tom just gave it to me.
I liked Tom, but I wasn't really his friend.
I'll probably be busy this afternoon.
I'm going to ask Mary out.
I'm not under any obligation to do that.
We have a problem here.
How did you determine this?
I'm going to leave.
I am going to have something to eat.
I don't know anything about anything.
He had been working on his novel for six months when we visited him.
The towels shrank.
The snow is falling softly.
I spent the evening in a bookstore.
I just finished cleaning the attic.
Tom should've gone a long time ago.
I was very ambitious back then.
Tom used to say that all the time.
This movie is really interesting.
In the case of patient death during the course of medical treatment, even if there is medical error present, it is not automatically legally considered to be an "unusual death."
Several new activities are scheduled.
Tom almost lost his job.
Mennad called Baya fat every day.
Do you know where we are?
I promised to take her to Kabylie this summer.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in her office tomorrow morning.
I am very grateful of you.
The stock price index was off 200 points yesterday.
I have the list.
Tom is studying to be a marine biologist.
Do any of you want a cup of coffee?
The persimmon is a sweet fruit, slightly spicy with a soft and sometimes fibrous texture.
Don't you want to stay a little longer?
"Do you know where Tom is?" "I am Tom!" replied Tom.
I won't be moving to Boston.
What is your biggest weakness?
Sami found lots of child porn on Farid's phone.
Tom is really good at math.
Tom wasn't surprised by what Mary did.
I know Tom learned how to do that.
I couldn't resist the urge to applaud.
Somebody's watching us.
Tom agreed to go on a blind date.
Can you help me down?
The country needs a change.
The dogs are in the garden.
Where's that smell coming from?
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still homesick.
I can't very well do that now.
I wish you could go with Tom.
I'll try to write about ethnic and religious minorities.
You must be creative in composing a piece of music.
I watched Tom's new video, but I didn't like it.
That's not my computer.
Tom managed to finish his homework quickly.
Why were you with them?
I don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month.
Tom said he doesn't mind doing that at all.
Thomas was red like a lobster.
I know what we should do.
Do you think that it'll be easy for you to do that?
My father doesn't care about money at all.
I would like to have this soup.
I saw a wonderful fall there.
I don't think this has anything to do with Tom.
These are Algerian traditional cakes.
Tom doesn't want to go rowing anymore.
We had already decided, right?
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still doing that.
You didn't tell Mary why you wanted her to do that, did you?
Tom reached for the light switch and turned it off.
I've got nothing to hide.
Layla liked her high school.
Millions of Kabyles are currently taking part in the huge protests organized to demand change in Algeria. The separatists are completely marginalized by these protests.
I wish that Mary was my sister.
No criminal charges were filed.
Are you impartial?
Tom lived in Australia in 2013.
I don't want sympathy.
Sami visited a counselor.
He invested two hundred dollars in a promising business.
It smells delicious. What are you having?
He's counting on you, isn't he?
Tom begged Mary not to tell John about what had happened.
My balance is negative.
What is the difference between a deluxe room and a standard room?
I think Tom won't be lonely.
Tom gave Mary a towel.
I thought you were on duty.
When Zeno was asked what a friend was, he replied, "Another I."
Tom is well-spoken.
Swedish teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg has been named Time magazine's Person of the Year for 2019.
Tom doesn't seem very smart.
I'm not sure that I can win this.
I didn't think you'd be surprised.
Good job, my friend!
Tom and Mary are troublemakers, aren't they?
I was very shocked.
Those tribes inhabit the desert all year round.
The power went out.
If I said you had a beautiful body would you hold it against me?
Which book is older, this one or that one?
We can't think about that now.
Let's see how things go.
Unfortunately, I am too busy now.
They said that they felt wonderful.
Sami was sure he would get it right.
We'll return.
Mary hasn't come home yet, has she?
I assured Tom that I would take care of it.
Jealousy made him do that.
I'm dying of cold.
I don't want to travel again.
I'm not a man!
We need to get Tom to change his mind.
I paused for a second.
There's been a recent gain in the population of the city.
Sami will never leave my thoughts.
I wish you'd call him.
I can't think.
Fadil survived the brutal assault.
The girls laughed at him.
I love international auxiliary languages.
Please have someone else do it.
I can't come in to the office today because I don't feel well.
He finally made it to Algiers.
Everybody seems to be having fun.
I don't think this is funny.
You are to start as early as possible.
Was Tom wearing cologne?
This soup is delicious.
You are impatient.
I have to explain this to her.
Tom sells computers.
The soup in the cup looks very hot.
You seemed worried about something.
Whatever you may say, I don't believe you.
Why don't you go upstairs and lie down for a bit?
His conversion to Islam was a very quick process.
They say they did it for the money.
Honour thy father and thy mother, that thou mayst be longlived upon the land which the Lord thy God will give thee.
I didn't think that anyone noticed what we did.
I'm ready for the end of the world.
In the U.S., you usually have to show identification in order to buy alcohol.
Tom looked around frantically.
I was amazed by what I saw.
Tom said he didn't mean to be rude.
Tom has recanted his testimony.
Mary said she wasn't interested.
Give way to oncoming vehicles.
This place smells like a locker room.
Sami wanted Layla's dog to like him.
Tom is busy making breakfast for the family.
The World Health Organization is urging countries affected by the coronavirus to enact containment measures as the best way to slow down the spread of this deadly disease.
The Daily Telegraph remarked that in the history of crime there had seldom been a tragedy which presented stranger features. The German name of the victim, the absence of all other motive, and the sinister inscription on the wall, all pointed to its perpetration by political refugees and revolutionists.
I'm going golfing.
The little kids were very curious.
I arrived three days ago.
I share your political position.
Tom is popular.
I have to go to the station at once.
He put his arm around her shoulders.
Tom won the Giro d'Italia.
You should memorize this.
Sami's body was dumped in the lake but it rose to the surface just days later.
Check if everything is correct.
You're not fooling anyone.
I dreamt about fighting in a war.
I've been in contact with them.
Tom sat down on a bench.
It's now Tom's turn ask questions.
Whatever happens happens, I'm not changing my mind.
Why is everybody scared of Tom?
It was like Christmas morning.
Tom said he didn't think that he could do that.
Let's put in a lot of time on that project.
I knew you would suspect them.
Put some grease on the wheel. It squeaks.
You're getting too close.
You should have more faith in Tom.
They may have missed their train.
Tom is reading a book of short stories.
We'll be watching you now.
I doubt very seriously that that will embarrass Tom.
My children really like animals.
He knocked the door with a tap.
I'm very sorry you're so unhappy.
She did that as quickly as she could.
Tom told me that Mary was in jail.
He bought a copy of the Quran and read it.
She took pictures in her Kabyle dress.
I don't think that Tom will be up at this time of night.
It's still breathing.
Tom isn't panting.
They say they can predict the future.
He said with a perplexed expression, "I've heard nothing, so I can't say anything."
I can testify to that.
Algeria manufactures cellphones.
The discovery of a new type of meal contributes more to humankind than the discovery of a new star.
Where have you been all this while?
I might see you tomorrow.
I had an interesting day today.
Let's give Tom a chance.
Which one is she?
I walked downtown.
Tom can take the bus.
The exponential function has a horizontal asymptote.
He has already ordered a hamburger.
It looks like Tom forgot to comb his hair.
I thought you said that you'd never do that again.
The other day I went fishing for the first time in my life.
How long does Tom expect us to help him?
We look at you as a friend, and treat you with respect.
We can't let you go.
The victorious army withdrew from the country.
I'll go if Tom and Mary go.
It was easy.
Stay back.
Come on, let's try it.
Don't let anybody see you.
We have an obligation to do it.
Mr. Jackson is a very strict teacher.
Did you sleep much last night?
Tom put a spell on Mary.
I made Tom leave.
Everybody here is from Algiers.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't happy here.
It is very difficult to speak a foreign language without mistakes.
This is the key for the box.
Hello, this is Mike.
Tom left his coat downstairs.
Tom is waiting for somebody to come get him.
Tom bought himself a ticket.
It's a good thing I came here.
How did you know that Tom wasn't going to do that?
Tom's dog bit Mary's hand.
Tom thought that Mary wouldn't help him.
Why didn't you ever tell us?
I recommend that you don't do that.
Tom is a wealthy businessman.
Are they going to kill Tom?
This painting is attributed to Monet.
You are victors!
Mr. Johnson's room was a large room.
She made some tea for him.
Tom ate a chicken sandwich.
When was the last time you had a tetanus shot?
Tom didn't want to spend too much time discussing that.
Because his salary is low, he can't buy that house.
According to scientists, the atmosphere is getting warmer year after year.
Why are you planning on going?
He becomes enraged upon being contradicted even slightly.
I know where this is going.
You may wear anything you want.
Sami was coming from there.
That's probably a new record.
She took the knife from him.
Mary's parents told her they thought she was too young to get married.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't think it would rain.
I'm starting to like you.
They looked like they were certain.
The police pursued Dan into a decommissioned factory.
Tom and Mary said they heard someone snoring.
Tom and Mary go to work every day on the same bus.
She is not what she used to be.
Tom said he doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't adopted.
I got three weeks' detention.
Here's my ticket.
I love my woolly hat.
Even as Finland is often imagined as a land of ice and snow, the trees in her Nordic country "have no problem surviving the winter," she said. "Then we have a very nice summer, a lot of sunlight. That's when the trees grow."
She questioned a suspect.
The kettle is full.
I didn't want to miss anything.
I'm sure Tom had good reasons for doing that.
Tom was the only one drinking.
Tom said that he was confused and frustrated.
He's quite forgetful, isn't he?
He is not so much a translator as a poet.
It's a little late for prayer.
This is a dangerous thing to handle.
She did not arrive until the concert was over.
Should we ask Tom?
Let's not stay at the same hotel that we stayed at last time.
This situation doesn't make me happy.
Somebody told me Tom and Mary have moved to Boston.
We need to find a new babysitter.
Mary doesn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Mennad knew that Baya was going to love him no matter what.
I'm ahead of schedule.
I wanted to find Tom.
We'll go get Tom.
You know why I do that, don't you?
It took Tom an hour to load everything on the truck.
She made me swear not to say anything.
Tom wished he'd been invited to the party.
It's not clear why Tom did that.
I'm certain we'll do that.
Mary was about to say something to Tom when her phone rang.
Tom said that he didn't know why Mary wanted to break up with him.
To tell truth, I find discussions about movies more interesting than movies themselves.
Tom said there's no reason to do that.
I don't have much money.
Why are you still writing?
The man stepped aside for her to enter the room.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't drunk, but they were.
I think I've seen that person next to Xiao Li before.
Impossible!
Thank you very much for coming to see me.
I don't have one of those things.
Let us sit down.
Is that why you stopped?
Don't repeat what I told you to anybody.
Tom says that he can't remember his French teacher's name.
Why can't this be easy?
I know the history of Europe very well.
The good old woman, not knowing what to do, cried out for help. People came in from every quarter; they threw water upon the face of the Princess, unlaced her, struck her on the palms of her hands, and rubbed her temples with cologne water; but nothing would bring her to herself.
Sami was sailing the South Pacific.
You won't be able to see the effects in the first phase.
Tom doesn't have that problem.
I'll never be able to look him in the face again.
His toe bleeds.
She's not afraid of political correctness.
I don't think that Tom knows the whole truth.
They bestowed several gifts on the royal visitors.
Layla traveled alone.
Tom is asleep in front of the TV.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was disgusted.
So while Vasilissa grew each day more lovely and graceful, she was often miserable, and but for the little doll in her pocket, would have longed to leave the white world.
I know what I know.
I hope I don't miss anything.
That's too heavy.
I know that I'm replaceable.
I have known him for ten years.
She gave this to me before she died.
Tom isn't Mary's only grandchild.
Tom has already told Mary everything.
I have an expensive computer.
She can understand everything they are saying.
She received an ad for penis enlargement in her inbox.
I missed my favourite series.
Tom doesn't seem to be as restless as Mary seems to be.
Down it came and away went the day.
We have corresponded with each other.
Esther is the best Yiddish speaker in her peer group.
That's a real relief.
Could you tell me what to do?
Tom and Mary are allowed to do anything they want.
Stop yelling.
We have to take Tom to the hospital.
Tom couldn't find Mary's grave.
Tom is wearing a coat.
Tom spent the entire day in his bedroom.
The house next door has been empty for many years.
The barn was struck by lightning.
Sami was walking with his girlfriend.
He has come to look like a sly-as-a-fox Premier who uses his position's powers to the fullest extent, to his own advantage.
Tom works as a master of ceremonies on TV.
Tom saw the newspaper on the floor and picked it up.
You can reach your goals!
Planets orbit the sun.
Tom and I often hang out together.
It took him a long time to take in what she was saying.
Tom is out there in the woods by himself.
Tom made the hockey team.
Something told me not to pick it up.
Can I, please, explain?
Which job did you like better?
Well, should we get started?
This is my room. You can't just barge in here!
Thanks to a fundamental restructuring, our surplus has swelled three-fold.
You'll never do that again, will you?
He took this photo.
Aren't they afraid of this?
May God guide us and guide him.
Tom immediately called 911.
The Bouteflika era was characterized by rapid infrastructure development.
Thanks for calling me back.
God has a plan for you, Tom.
It's going to be impossible to do that, don't you think?
They don't believe that they can do that.
I like to participate in this project.
I'm sure that's what Tom needs to do.
They said that they were sleepy.
Would you try this on?
Tom let us know he wanted to do that.
Sami owns that studio.
They said that they forgot something.
I dreamed I had been abducted by aliens.
Do you think Tom would've done that that way?
Mary has her mother's eyes.
This word has two meanings.
You can no more expect me to change my opinion than expect the sun to rise in the west.
I don't see any differences between the approaches of Esperantists and of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Someone told me that Tom wasn't from around here.
Let me point out the elephant in the room.
Let's not forget what Tom said last week.
He sold her a very expensive belly button ring.
What platform does the downtown train leave from?
Do I really seem so sad?
Upon hearing the news, she broke down crying.
Tom suggested that I go to Boston with Mary.
The shop is closed at nine every evening.
Some think that non-alcoholic beer is stupid.
She was on the verge of crying.
This machine is specially
It's all delicious!
Tom looks like he's in his early thirties.
Tom thought Mary was the one who was going to do that.
Tom was hoping he could persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
Tom is a shade better today.
For example, I am in a high-level math class that actually gives me college credits for next year.
And when Moses had brought them forth to meet God, from the place of the camp, they stood at the bottom of the mount.
No one has time for that sort of thing.
What's all that about?
To the best of my knowledge, this is the only translation available.
Genius means one percent inspiration and 99 percent sweat.
Gothic became very popular in America.
He likes olives.
Tom thought Mary wasn't a natural blonde.
You're too young to understand.
You get on the JR Chuo Line.
Sami pooped in Layla's house.
She just stood there looking at him.
Shush! It's a secret.
That's why we need to talk.
Let's just get back to work.
I'm thinking of taking a French class next semester.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Whenever you come, you will be our guest.
Watch your thoughts, for they become words. Watch your words, for they become actions. Watch your actions, for they become habits. Watch your habits, for they become character. Watch your character, for it becomes your destiny.
Tom must have forgotten his key.
Oh, you're Spanish!
You should regard the rights of all.
The boy talks like a great scholar.
I pressed the wrong button.
Tom is a bit like that.
Tom called Mary at 2:30 in the afternoon.
This is the list of all the people buried here.
Help me lift the package.
I know that Tom won't be doing that here.
Take the money and run.
She likes everyone in her class.
He said that he felt humiliated.
My grandfather is very fond of reading.
He has found himself a house.
Tom said that we should call him if anything went wrong.
Tom picked up the pieces of shattered glass.
The young man lives in an old house.
Tom came in and sat down on one of the chairs.
She said that she's starved.
I like R & B.
To the whole world - good night, good day and good morning.
I've explained that to Tom.
I saw the match last night.
I'm not equal to doing the task.
Texas borders on Mexico.
Let's get married.
He cried with joy.
Tom took me to the hospital.
You're a strange man.
Tom has always been a fun guy to hang out with.
It's important to do that.
Tom was super impressed.
I can't articulate myself very well. I even find it hard to get my tongue around the word "articulation".
The defense has requested bail.
She is a community activist.
Tom is having a party next weekend.
I love you, but not that way.
I'm glad it's not coming out of my pocket.
"Is it okay to call you tonight?" "That is fine."
So that's what you think.
He joined the Army during the war.
For us tourism is very important.
I was in Australia for almost the entire summer.
He was mortally wounded.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't be replaced.
He expresses himself in a strange way.
She's very afraid of snakes.
The waitress served the tea.
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to find anything?
He was molested by the teacher.
We ate some apples.
Tom still wants to do that.
What do you mean "we need to be more careful with hygiene"? Are you implying that I don't wash my hands?
We must consider the question of whether we can afford such huge sums for armaments.
The attack was shown on video.
In 1916, a surplus of oranges gave birth to the advertising slogan, “Drink an orange,” which aimed to convince people that juicing an orange (or a few oranges) was a healthy way to start the day.
Sami and Layla were siblings.
We always have options.
He saw the surprise on my face.
Mary is taking a bath.
He might be the one who murdered her.
Tom said three of those boys are the ones who beat him up.
I don't have enough time to get the job done.
Fate has decreed that all lazy boys who come to hate books and schools and teachers and spend all their days with toys and games must sooner or later turn into donkeys.
Tom thought Mary was asleep, but she was awake.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be there.
She's a really good coach, isn't she?
I aspire to fame.
The Pirin national park in Bulgaria, is home to many large mammals such as brown bears and wolves.
Layla was in shock.
Carol will have left for London by eight tomorrow.
I know nothing lasts forever.
I wonder if Tom is still sad.
Sami is living in an apartment.
If you want to go to Kabylie, I'm OK with it.
Stop always putting yourself last.
Will Tom and Mary really be doing that by themselves?
Today one of my colleagues talked about his job.
That's just absolutely ridiculous.
Tom and John always wear ties to work.
I've always wanted to try to learn French.
It isn't unprecedented.
I concede that you are right.
They will take the 8:30 train.
Is there any good medicine?
Exports and investment have been key drivers of Slovakia's robust growth in recent years.
He was whacked out.
Tom knows why Mary wanted to do that.
You are a math teacher.
Jesus walked on water.
The further pursuit of an education was interrupted by the plague.
Tom plays the zither.
Yesterday I was sick.
I broke my arm when I was a child.
Sami was eating lunch with Layla.
Waiter, the check please.
Turn over a new stone.
I've already told Tom what I plan to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want anything.
Sami needs to finish this shit.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that by himself.
Tom hung the picture on the wall.
Tom asked me if I wanted to dance.
That's nothing to write home about.
I suspect Tom and Mary were surprised.
It's not a mistake.
Layla needs to get another pregnancy test.
I have been reflecting on what you said to me.
I cannot see the hummingbird, because it is too far away.
She said she wasn't rich.
You should be a diplomat.
I'm learning Swedish.
I told Tom not to come.
More than one million plant and animal species are likely to become extinct due to human activity, according to a new report by the United Nations.
I hate it when you fight.
Tom shouldn't even be there.
What time tomorrow do you want to meet?
That sounds beautiful.
What was the result?
It's tremendously exciting.
I'll try to do that as soon as possible.
It is expensive running this car.
Tom spent his whole life in Boston.
I need a new mattress.
Please stop pushing.
I hope it went well.
Why didn't you go get it?
She gave me a meaningful look.
Please write me back at your earliest convenience.
Tatoeba is becoming an addiction to me. I am even paying less attention to the games played by my team Vasco da Gama, just to participate in the exciting, amazing activity that is going on in this community.
Her plan is dangerous.
It was as beautiful as ever.
Tom always made us do that.
He did his part.
Tom and Mary told me they enjoyed the view.
Tom is already worried about what's going to happen.
Sami was smoking a J.
Tom predicted Mary would do that.
She gave them the benefit of her insight.
You seem to be in pain.
As he often tells lies, he is not to be relied on.
It can happen again.
Did you really think I wouldn't help you do that?
What game did Tom tell you he wanted to play?
The boy I saw searching through the garbage can said that he had not eaten anything for four days.
I dislike doing that.
The Swiss Confederation secured its independence from the Holy Roman Empire in 1499.
You could do that by phone.
Our headquarters are located in another part of town.
Everybody was looking for you.
I got in the car and started the
Are the police in Boston helpful?
You've paid your dues.
You sure know how to live it up.
You can count on the $3,000 I have promised you.
They've been dance partners for more than 60 years.
What did he say to Tom?
I don't need to call Tom. I wrote him an email last night.
Tom seems to be much happier than Mary.
Is there a better way to do that?
Tom was drunk, but Mary wasn't.
I promised I'd tell you the truth.
Tom has options.
Tom never thought anything of it.
In Algeria, the resignation of Abdelaziz Bouteflika represents the end of an era.
I'm not gonna take care of you for the last of your life.
Tom said he isn't making a lot of money.
He sat on a chair.
I miss the good ole days when everyone died of infectious disease.
Let him say what he will.
I'm dead serious.
Tom can't understand why Mary is mad at him.
I don't know what to make of your actions.
I suspect that Tom doesn't like me.
I've got a question for you.
Tom and Mary told me that they couldn't stay long.
He made fun of my accent.
He took his pen out of his pocket.
Tom set down his briefcase.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who want to do that.
The industry is heavily dependent on government funding.
Some are simply plump, others have a bonus goiter.
She cheated on her history test.
Tom turned on a lamp.
Whoever calls, take their number.
You'll go to school tomorrow as usual.
I'm not convinced that I should do that.
Mennad is gonna be moving out this weekend.
This book counts among the best of his work.
I won an award.
Tom said he had not intended to do that.
She remembered where she'd last seen him.
Algeria needs to be pulled out of this political crisis.
My brother is three years older than me.
The tomcat sunned himself.
The baby's awake.
Tom has graduated from college.
I wish we were still in Boston.
We don't believe so.
She punched her time card.
Tom lives in France yet works in Belgium.
This plane flies nonstop to Tokyo.
What were you planning on doing today?
They made a fire to warm up.
Tom can still remember the pain caused when Mary left him.
Sami isn't interested in hearing about that.
Tom wasn't the first person to ask me that question.
You should write Tom a thank-you letter.
How can you just sit there?
Let's do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be cold.
While Liisa went to the shop, Mark was reading the newspaper.
I promised Tom we wouldn't do that.
My brother suffers from osteoporosis.
Tom's father will chew him out.
Tom is going to drive to Boston.
Tom and Mary embarked on a road trip.
My grandmother has a green thumb.
I tend to agree with Tom.
Tom just makes it look so easy.
I had to stay at home.
Tom and Mary still do that whenever they can.
I look at it from an aesthetic point of view.
Tom went to the clinic this morning.
No man can tell what the future may bring forth, and small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
They almost killed me.
Tom is sitting on the couch alone.
Sami ran out of food or water.
We don't know who did this.
I don't think that Tom trusts many people.
I was going to get bigger when my grandson got ahead of me.
Tom said he's taught French before.
Tom is the only person who could have done that.
How much does that cost per day?
Good morning, Mr. Saari.
You aren't really supposed to do that, are you?
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said she'd do that.
Skura and Nuja left immediately.
They were coming close.
Will a decentralized Algeria be a threat to the territorial integrity of the country?
I'm going to look for them.
Almost everyone flunked.
He looks just like you.
I don't want to talk to Tom.
Tom and Mary told me that they felt tired.
You didn't make Tom do that, did you?
That's good enough.
We've got to take the chance.
And thus he failed the exam.
I take it you don't believe Tom either.
Unfortunately, Tom doesn't have a say in this matter.
I think it's clouding up.
Rainy season begins in June.
I forgot my wife's birthday.
Come out now.
Why didn't you mention it?
Tom is two years older than I am.
The refugees took shelter in a Red Cross refugee camp.
This smart Mary improvised a leapword play, which was a much more efficient method to move inside sentences. This way she had already jumped over two of them, including a very high first one.
I know you all are cowards.
Do you usually do that on Mondays?
Their numbers are dwindling.
You're not laughing.
We know how this is going to go.
She sang while she worked.
It made him sad.
Jack was pacing up and down in the room, lost in thought.
I thought Tom did OK.
"Gee, it sure is boring—" "Oh, for Pete's sake, go do something before I hurt you." "But—" "Now!" "But Zelda—" "You better move fast." "Fine. I'll go—" "Shut up!" "You shut up first!" "Guess again!" "Oh please, Your Highness—" "Alright. Bye, Link." "Where are you going?" "Gamelon. See you in only a whole month. And, Link?" "'Sup?" "I love you." "I know." "Heh."
I lather my face before shaving.
They remember you.
I waited an hour.
It is getting more and more difficult to make a living.
I will die if I do that.
I didn't know you were such superstitious people.
I don't remember Tom's sister's name.
I love egg yolks.
His ambition is to gain power over others.
Is this your first visit?
Tom can do anything.
I don't suppose Tom will be long.
Didn't you know that Tom was going to be here?
"You've got so much in common." "Like what?" "Well, for a start you're both single."
Tell Mary that I'm proud of her.
She'd often ring me up, but lately it's as though she's forgotten me.
I don't think that we have any choice.
It's a very demanding profession.
Sami had a very heavy bag.
Tom's a mediocre painter.
I would've stayed in Boston longer if I could have.
Make sure you do it.
I went to Denmark.
Tom said that he's doing just fine.
Tom told me you're from Australia.
He will get his job back at the next election.
Sami likes Layla's stereo.
What do you think I was doing?
We should change something.
It was my responsibility.
Layla doesn't like makeup.
I just never should've been there.
Have a look at the angle of the cut.
Tom and Mary say they like this kind of music.
There's some water left.
Are the Palestinians going to spend another one hundred years of suffering?
The lamb followed Mary to school.
Mennad is religious.
Women hate Tom.
His money melted away in Hawaii.
He looked like he was disappointed.
Contact me by ordinary mail.
In ancient times all the kings burdened the people with heavy taxes.
He got what he came for.
Sami is wearing a hoodie.
Yanni and Skura took the job.
He said that he felt manipulated.
Can I get back to you on that?
They're not as quick as they once were.
Every sentence present in Tatoeba is a lie.
Tom thought that he was being cute.
I'd like you to mail this letter.
I've never been to Australia.
Tom is likely to be grouchy all day.
Don't understand.
Tom is very arrogant, isn't he?
I'm about Tom's age.
Is Mother going to the store?
The army use civilians as human shields.
We aren't Canadians.
I know what you're planning to do.
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to ask her to the prom.
You guys didn't learn anything at school.
I will call you when I arrive at my destination.
There is a border between the United States and Mexico.
The water is very chlorinated.
That weapon is not a toy, boy!
You'll just have to do with what you've got.
Tom was friendly.
Astronomers are studying Mercury's impact craters.
The butcher shop is closed.
Do you really want to be like Tom?
Living in the city is really different to living in the country.
I'm almost done with my homework.
I wonder whether Tom has died yet.
It's not what is beautiful that is expensive, but what is expensive that is beautiful.
Dan befriended several gangsters while in jail.
Let's not talk about money now.
An army was being gathered.
The scholar carried out his lifework at the age of seventy.
Mary is knitting a scarf for Tom.
I don't want to alarm you.
He said he's unhurt.
The ground was very uneven.
He said he found something.
Are you sure you know what to say?
Tom went back to his bedroom.
It's said that nothing is more precious than time.
I should get Tom to do that for me.
The park is closed on Monday.
Don't buy your car from that dealership. They'll rob you blind.
Tom and Mary respect each other.
It is no time for sleeping or for being careless of ourselves.
Who from Wales has crossed over the Atlantic and succeeded in America and Canada?
My passport has been stolen.
I know I don't know everything there is to know about that.
Tom pushed his food around his plate.
We risked our lives for it.
When Tom got home, there was an envelope taped to his front door.
He said that he wanted to help.
Remember to mail this letter tomorrow morning.
Do you think I don't know why you divorced?
That must never happen.
We may not have enough uniforms.
What else did they say?
Please follow the school rules.
He thought better of marrying her.
Do you have a cigarette and a light?
I'd like a bottle of cough syrup.
Tom said that he planned on staying where he was.
We flew the Atlantic in a few hours.
I don't know why Tom refused to do that.
Bejaia is in Algeria.
Why didn't you tell me before?
I don't like the way Tom is always fishing for a compliment.
Shut that door carefully.
She still hopes she can do that.
Tell us a little about your family.
He's an Algerian pop singer.
Tom is a republican.
Tom and Mary said they heard somebody singing.
Hey, what took you so long?
Mary laughed happily.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that.
Tom is a child.
You know the one I'm talking about, right?
Tom said that he didn't know much about Australia.
Mary informed Tom why she needed to do that.
He is markedly honest.
They told everyone they were retired.
Tom abandoned his wife and joined the army.
Sami came from a family of master manipulators.
My business is prospering.
The reason I originally came to Australia was to study music.
He is thinking he would like to visit Paris.
Now you're exaggerating.
Do you speak Yiddish?
I move around a lot.
It's a good story.
That shirt looks hideous.
I know it's French, but I can't understand it.
Many Algerian women wear a headscarf commonly known as a hijab.
Don't tell me now.
We can't risk that happening.
Tom was very friendly, wasn't he?
There is a spoon.
Sami was working at a large department store.
Could you open this jar for me?
He got friendly with her.
She is an expert in mathematics.
I hope I can find an inexpensive apartment in Boston.
She thought she could impress him.
Sami did not believe in privacy when it came to kids.
She can wait till the cows come home but he'll never come back.
Then what is this I wonder? If it isn't dodgy door-to-door sales then could it be a new kind of pickup technique for the ladies?
Kabyle dresses are usually not revealing.
I figured I could trust you.
I'm the last.
Our guide knows the history of all these places.
Why didn't somebody stop Tom?
She's his partner.
You look like you're in a lot of pain.
I'm the one who told Tom that Mary didn't like him.
That isn't the only reason I want to do that.
Please tell them how sorry I am.
I should've told Tom to sell the farm and live somewhere else.
Tom said he'll call you later.
Is your family doing well?
All the women thought Tom was really handsome.
Tory dies.
You'll be glad you did that.
We do not understand each other.
Here is Jack.
Tom avoided Mary's eyes.
This building was built on reclaimed land.
Can I help you find something?
Mary looked like she was in a hurry to get home.
Hasn't Rita's aunt prayed?
Seawater contains salt.
You helped me.
Where did she learn to drive so well?
Sami had his whole head shaved.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't do that.
Maybe that's a good sign.
Tom decided to give up playing guitar professionally.
Tom and Mary told me they ate way too much.
Does Tom like cats?
Mary already knew she was OK.
The story was in all the papers.
Lie to me again. In this case I'd prefer not to know the truth.
Layla felt really bad for Sami.
You look like you stepped out of GQ magazine.
Why are Tom and I here?
Sami knows Layla since high school.
We would like to ask you to reduce the prices quoted for STL#3456 by 5%.
It was prudent of you to save money.
Tom was the only child at the party.
Sami was yelling at his manager.
You wrote a splendid text. There is no doubt that you have the heart of a poet and a great talent.
I've always wanted to live in this neighborhood.
Tom told everybody that he was broke.
She's fashionable.
Why precisely these things?
Our neighbors complained about our dogs barking.
Do you like my T-shirt?
I've told you all of this once already.
I'm not what I was thirty years ago.
She fell down senseless on the floor.
Is that what you want, Tom?
This is a collection of essays.
Welcome to the world of high finance.
Do we have to go to Australia?
You drink tea.
I am in search of a new house.
I want to be her friend.
Mary woke up when she heard someone knocking on the door.
Sami hates wasps.
Tom called Mary a couple of days later.
She needed time.
That's not what Tom and Mary want.
Marie accused her of having stolen the bike.
I hope that I've helped in some way.
"I'd look like a real James Bond in that," Dima said to himself, then entered the store.
Tom is going to help me clean my room.
Do you really want to be immortal?
I didn't want anybody's help.
This ticket will admit two persons free.
Tom is a former firefighter.
Tom asked Mary some questions that she couldn't answer.
How long does it take for the airport bus to get to the airport?
Tom said that Mary won't be excused from doing that.
Sami played the trumpet in the band.
Algeria is in the midst of one of its worst political crises.
Tom and Mary told me that they love me.
I knew that I was likely to get injured.
I like hiking in the mountains.
Women have beauty, but do books not also have beauty?
The real, biological nervous system is highly complex and includes some features that may seem superfluous based on an understanding of artificial networks.
Do Tom and Mary wish to do that now?
We've made great inroads into solving the problem, but our resources dwindle and the end is not in sight.
I'm going to arrive around noon.
Tom was the one who was driving.
Sami was stupid.
I don't work as many hours a day as Tom and Mary do.
Tom reads the newspaper every day.
We're going to visit Tom.
It's hardly been a secret.
You're a self-inflated arrogant twat.
Do you know how to drive?
I wonder whether or not Tom is going to do that today.
Tom seemed to be in a good mood.
Sami was in a drunken stupor.
I think it's highly unlikely that you'll be able to do that by yourself.
I'm really sorry. I seem to have lost your umbrella.
I know that Tom doesn't really want to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary are older than I thought they were.
Let the Quran talk to you.
I wonder whether Tom really thinks Mary needs to do that.
Let's hope that Tom and Mary don't do that.
I didn't know what it meant.
Do you think we can trust Tom?
I didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom was supposed to go to school today.
As I reached the station, I got off the bus.
I've got a pretty vivid imagination.
I often heard him playing the melody on the trumpet.
It was in all the papers.
This is the car Linda mentioned yesterday.
I know Tom will likely do that later.
Tom is nobody's fool.
Yanni continuously said he wanted to kill Skura.
Tom said that he thought there was no life on Mars.
Tom is married to Mary's aunt.
You must promise not to take the rope off.
I'm not ready for that to happen.
I like oatmeal.
I don't like to go out without a coat on such a cold day.
That's an odd note grouping for that chord. Try spreading it out over two octaves instead of one.
Algiers needs more libraries.
Let's move to Boston.
He lives in a secure building with his fiancee.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that again.
I need a new calculator.
Can I give you a ride back to the city?
Come to Romania again.
You look very upset.
Old people catch colds easily.
Tom put his hand on his pregnant wife's belly.
I'm not guilty.
How did you know Tom wouldn't win?
Fanta is my favourite soda brand.
Tom and Mary said they paid income taxes.
Please show me that one in the window over there.
He put on his seatbelt.
She was advised by him to listen to her doctor.
You're not depressed, are you?
The train arrived on time, so we didn't have to wait at all.
He's very meticulous in his work.
I know Tom is good at doing that.
You're out of your depth here.
I shouldn't have tried to do that by myself.
Yes, I know her. I look up to her.
It would be very obnoxious to do that.
The Kabyle government is fighting for the independence of Kabylia, which is undergoing genocide by colonial Algeria.
They're so stupid.
Tom doesn't seem to be very busy today.
Tom and I are backpackers.
On-again, off-again relationships can be emotionally draining.
I wouldn't allow Tom and Mary to do what they wanted to do.
You've changed so much that I hardly recognized you.
I'm almost ready.
Tom couldn't figure out how to open the box.
He is a beginner.
Tom seems to be having trouble breathing.
Tom carried his suitcase out to his car and put it in the trunk.
Tom is quite prejudiced.
Few people can buy such an expensive car.
Sami is thirty-six but looks ten years younger.
Let's drink another beer.
Do you still have the hots for Tom?
Tom and Mary sang three songs.
In my hurry I bumped into someone.
I felt there was no need to do that.
I'll come to your house.
I want to get in touch with Tom.
The wagon was so closely packed with boys of all ages that it looked like a box of sardines.
I knew Tom was a baseball fan.
It's lovely to be going home and know it's home.
He never called himself Muslim.
He still appears to have a crush on her.
They were even more interested in his beautiful wife.
I'm certain of that.
Tom should have known better than to trust Mary.
Tom is a mostly self-taught guitarist.
He let his books fall to the floor.
Sami scared Layla to death.
How many people do you think will be at today's meeting?
May I have your phone number?
Don't take yourself too seriously.
Teresa's sister is more beautiful than me!
It would be wonderful if I didn't have to deal with this issue!
I am very tired from the hard work.
My son tried to become a rakugo story teller.
Tom could've said no.
Tom can't eat pork.
Go on ahead.
Where can I get a cab?
We're cardiologists.
The mesosphere is cold enough to freeze water vapor into ice clouds. You can see these clouds if sunlight hits them after sunset. They are called noctilucent clouds.
He is, without doubt, much better than you.
It's the start of spring.
Why not talk to her about it directly?
He's more than likely to be late.
Have you ever gone shopping with Tom?
We're not supposed to drink in this theater.
When two armies oppose one another, those who can fight should fight, those who can't fight should guard, those who can't guard should flee, those who can't flee should surrender, and those who can't surrender should die.
I want to learn Berber.
Since her visit he seems much happier.
He has a great deal of intelligence for a child.
Tom admitted that he wasn't really sick.
I'd consider Tom dangerous.
I know Tom is a good boss.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still confused?
Thank you all very much!
I didn't like him at first.
Tom is compassionate.
Stay at your house until six o'clock.
I'd like to try some of the local food.
Tom always looked busy.
We knew this.
Can you live for a week without deadlines?
Tom said he would be thirteen next month.
Hearing Russian makes me think of ice and cold.
Joking apart, you ought to see a doctor about your headache.
I'm still woozy.
Tom was with a bunch of his friends.
Let's give Tom a little more time.
We study English every day at school.
I'm not too happy with 80's music.
You need to make her feel like a girl.
I don't think I know you.
Tom glanced at the others.
There's a draught in here.
Protestors destroyed a police car and looted several businesses.
I used to like Boston, too.
I think you're not my type.
How touching!
What do we need to look for?
He opened the window to let in some fresh air.
I didn't think you could do that by yourselves.
Tom is in his office, doing paperwork.
I've been asked to help.
The audience was close to a thousand.
She will be back in less than ten minutes.
Did you tell Tom about tonight's party?
You should tell Mary that Tom doesn't like her.
That won't change.
All of you have to read it.
Tom took a tea break.
I left for America at ten o'clock.
Mary thinks she should study French.
This place looks like Boston.
I don't think Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
Mary does that every chance she gets.
I'm on my way to visit a friend who's in the hospital.
Tom must've known about it already.
Sami would wake up at six a.m.
The boy stayed quiet.
Tom knew that I was tempted to do that.
I'm not as rich as people think I am.
You don't have to fight a battle with yourself.
You don't seem to know what's going on.
I wonder if it will snow in our town this winter.
I'm not interested in seeing Tom.
He asked for food.
We need to talk with them.
I made that!
The youth of all countries want to talk about their hopes and experiences, but the problem of language remains; the Internet has only solved the problem of distance.
Tom called me that night.
I hope Tom knows who did that.
Why doesn't Tom pay any attention to me?
Would it be OK with you if I did that?
I'm really sorry I doubted you.
Tom spoke French and Italian.
Are you painting the floor?
They're doing their work at a snail's pace!
I don't think that Tom is home on Mondays.
My son earns more than me.
Mary remained silent for a long time.
It is hot today!
I took a book from John and gave another one to Jane.
Tom drives an imported car.
Today we bought some good stuff.
Are you satisfied with your life?
Tom cried when he heard that a mountain lion had killed his dog.
Air pollution causes various respiratory diseases.
Believe it or not, he fell for her.
"Well good, give me those four." "I will give you half – if you wish." "Why not all of them?" "Because I need two myself."
What do you think of Japan's economy?
Please don't ask me about them.
I think that we've bought everything we need.
I never learned how to swim.
Who does this hat belong to?
You got off easy.
It seems that he's lying.
I figured you'd want to know.
Eternity exists. It exists here...
This party is an intimate gathering.
Mary said she was doing just fine.
Do you think Tom and Mary will like the gifts I bought for them?
Dan was killed just two days before the trial began.
He is erratic.
I hope that Tom doesn't do that.
With the advent of Algeria’s independence in 1962, the Kabyle language was denied acknowledgement, repressed and banned.
Layla knew more than she was telling us.
Berbers are essentially Sunni Muslims.
The movie is showing today at 7:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m.
Tom said he knew you could win.
The White House Office of Science and Technology Policy advises the President about the effects of science and technology on domestic and international affairs.
They say that they don't do that anymore.
You can't let Tom drive that old truck. Let him drive your new car.
We do not become good drivers by concentrating on driving as such.
No one can hear us.
Tom is pretty persuasive, isn't he?
The movie was great.
Go get your helmet.
Everyone can tell she is thoughtful.
I know more than you do.
Only after a century and a half of confusion was the royal authority restored.
Are you coming to Tom's Halloween party?
If I were a shareholder, I'd be upset.
We know that you're sick.
Tom was here the last time.
I'd be glad to do that for you.
Mary can do that if she likes.
Never in my life have I seen such a downpour.
Mary can't have done what you say she did.
I just don't have what it takes.
I almost died of thirst.
I promised him not to tell anyone.
I can't reach things on the top shelf.
He said his bus was late.
I don't know why Tom chose that.
I just want answers.
I've learned a lot about you.
Tom said that he would have done that if he'd known Mary wanted him to.
I know Tom knows that he doesn't have to do that.
There are no cops driving up and down here.
The police required him to appear.
Did you do anything special last night?
Both of Tom's brothers are taller than he is.
The last dart he threw, bounced off the board.
We won't be teaching French here next year.
I'll try not to doze off.
The leader of the separatists is a mad man.
Tom asked Mary to turn the light off.
Tom didn't seem to be surprised Mary wasn't able to do that.
Temperance is the best physic.
Tom and Mary said they prefer to stay at home.
I'll never surrender.
My luggage is in the boot.
I've been trying all week to get in touch with Tom.
I played chess with Tom.
I am against political reform.
Magic tricks are lies that the audience knows are lies.
"Where is my phone?" "It's on my desk."
Could you give me a hand with this thing?
Tom should ask for a refund.
I'll never leave you, Tom.
Tom opens the windows every morning as soon as he gets to his office.
You needn't have bought that book.
Stay in your seats.
They would ask you about the party.
I'm embarrassed to ask, but may I please use your bathroom?
Mennad expected Baya to take care of his children.
Divide and conquer.
Fold the sheet in half.
I didn't intend to marry her.
Algeria will probably never become a free-market paradise.
He's doing his best, isn't he?
How was your ride, Princess?
When can I travel?
I asked Tom why he hadn't done that.
Tell me about your childhood.
I'll tell your father how you behaved!
Do you think that these numbers are accurate?
This is my favorite.
I haven't walked to school in a long time.
That changed in 2013.
He said some nasty things about her.
You interest me very much, Mr. Watson.
Tom and Mary did it, didn't they?
Can I buy you lunch?
I'd hate to be in Tom's shoes right now.
The ruins are worth a visit.
They didn't look like they were happy.
There's no reason that Tom needs to know why I didn't do that.
I think you should meet them.
Tom told Mary what he had to do.
I thought you already knew about this.
The Americans are our friends.
Tom is a great romantic.
Just step right over there.
I'm an observant Muslim and I don't smoke weed.
They're Tom's.
I figured that they would enjoy that.
It had worked for hours.
I didn't find him.
"This conversation never occurred." - "What conversation?"
Tom has decided not to continue doing that.
Don't arrest me for denouncing Israel's crimes. Arrest the war criminals who are committing them.
I need to know that someone cares.
They're dead.
Venice is a city for passions: it's a city for honeymoons or for breakups.
I gave her Monday off.
Abraham bowed down before the people of the land. And he spoke to Ephron, in the presence of the people: I beseech thee to hear me: I will give money for the field; take it, and so will I bury my dead in it.
Yanni doesn't know who stole his phone.
I don't think Tom knows where Mary was born.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be embarrassed.
Our proposals met with little response.
I don't wanna think anything about him.
Tom is a hypnotist.
It is folly to buy things you don't really feel the need for, since you'll end up neglecting them and eventually realise you wasted money.
It's quite intimidating.
We've both seen this movie.
The present prime minister was not present at the ceremony.
Soviet and Western observers have warned that if the Muslim republics do not join the commonwealth, they may from a separate group, setting up a volatile ethnic and religious split.
The squadron encountered an ambush and scrambled for coverage.
Why can't an ostrich fly?
I didn't think Tom and Mary were alone.
He made for the door and tried to escape.
I have no desire to try.
There’s no proof of anything!
I suggest we all calm down.
How many vowels does English have? If you said five, you were wrong. Standard British English has twelve, not counting diphthongs.
Tom said he thought that Mary was beautiful.
The young police officer put handcuffs on Tom.
Statements will be mailed every quarter.
The political crisis in Algeria shouldn't continue.
They'll love that one.
The Kaaba looks so beautiful.
I will change the bathtub for a shower.
Sixteen hours ago an American airplane dropped one bomb on Hiroshima, an important Japanese Army base. That bomb had more power than 20,000 tons of T.N.T. It had more than two thousand times the blast power of the British "Grand Slam" which is the largest bomb ever yet used in the history of warfare.
Tom thought Mary would be early.
For fast acting relief, try slowing down.
Tom isn't the one that did that.
They said that they'd help us do that.
I needed to know why.
I'd rather stay in the room.
Tom loves kids.
I want to buy this sinh. Can you give me a discount?
What else were you expecting?
People in trouble often have nowhere to turn.
Tom hasn't been arrested or charged.
They've decided they've had enough.
Don't worry about Tom. He always acts that way.
Failure is a temporary condition.
Ever since I've been at the sea, it's been raining.
Where did she hide my money?
How do we cope with a tremendous amount of uncertainty?
How should we deal with the problem?
We spent three hours to come to this conclusion.
Tom is just finishing up, isn't he?
I refuse to give up.
I don't know anything about horses.
Can you get any closer?
I live in Groningen city.
Tom thought that he'd be able to do that by himself.
He keeps to the letter of the law.
Tom said he thought that Mary was here.
Here's the translation.
Tom didn't have to get involved.
A penumbral lunar eclipse can be hard to see.
We plan on staying a week.
That material's going to shrink if it's washed.
Poyang Lake is the largest freshwater lake in China.
I know Tom isn't likely to do that while he's in Boston.
I admitted I didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was a talented songwriter.
Who is this Tom?
I like the way Tom fries eggs.
According to the CRC, all people under 18 are considered to be children.
I'm not dusting anything.
Mommy, I have a tummy ache.
I'll take it if you don't mind.
There's so much that needs to be done.
I didn't benefit from this exchange.
He said: Art thou my son Esau? He answered: I am.
He dried himself with a bath towel.
Tom just went home.
I've never liked this.
I wonder if you have ever considered going to a specialist.
"Are there caymans in Austria?" "No, just in Australia.
I would like a word with you.
Almost 8 percent of non-student millennials rely on financial help from family to cover their rents, according to the study.
This bull giraffe is fourteen years old.
He is hated by all.
I think that you're really smart.
Tom had a choice.
I'm sorry to spoil your plans.
I didn't know I needed a bodyguard.
That news report is inconsistent with the facts.
I didn't know you were going to show up.
We've insulated the house with expanded polystyrene foam panels, 100 millimetres thick.
I'll stop following you.
Tom quit talking suddenly.
I will stay home today.
He was married to her sister.
I'm afraid I have to refuse.
I'll see him today.
Your jeans are dirty.
Tom didn't let go of Mary.
I have something I want to say to you.
I never walk anywhere.
It hardly made a difference.
Tom isn't confident.
Tom could've called the police if he had wanted to.
Venus is Earth's twin by size, but its dense atmosphere is made up mostly of carbon dioxide, which helps keep the planet sizzling hot. Venus, therefore, is not hospitable for life.
I think the Hungarian grammar is difficult.
You get paid a lot to do that, don't you?
I think that I've found something that you might be interested in seeing.
They said that they're prepared to help me.
I climbed the slide.
However, I think that before making the decision to arrange an international wedding, one should weigh the considerations for and against, and be prepared for the additional chall
Mary says that she can be here by 2:30.
You're not expecting me to help you, are you?
I wonder if Mary regrets what she did.
I got back in the car and waited for Tom.
"I want to become Muslim." "What? Do you want to be Arab?" "No. I said that I wanted to be Muslim."
Mary has been dyeing her hair for years.
Tom just got home from school.
When will dinner be ready? I'm hungry.
I used to like it.
Your wish is easy to fulfill.
Even though they were poor, they were happy.
I think Tom is unable to do that.
Mary's common-law wife was arrested for driving while intoxicated.
In this troubled world, it is safer to stay at home, read about exotic places and dream.
You're one of my best friends.
I'm quite drunk now.
Don't fall for his scam.
The weather's good here, too.
Mary is still waiting for Tom to do that for her.
The policy of the government was criticized by the opposition party.
Stop talking about yourself and start talking about others!
Tom told Mary he'd agreed to do that.
I attended the party.
Ruby Gillis says when she grows up she's going to have ever so many beaus on the string and have them all crazy about her.
She treated his broken leg.
Doing it that way wouldn't be safe.
At school, we learn French.
"Look at me," said the Fox. "For the silly reason of wanting to study, I have lost a paw." "Look at me," said the Cat. "For the same foolish reason, I have lost the sight of both eyes."
That new company could flatten the competition.
Tom and Mary say they'll pay for everything.
No one but a strong man is fit for the post.
I caught it.
There's a distinct difference between them.
So, how long have you known Tom?
Tom thought we'd all die together.
Do Tom and Mary still think they don't have to do that?
I made my orange scarf and white smock very bright, so people would notice them right away.
She's quite sympathetic, isn't she?
He took the job for the sake of his career but he didn't like it.
I realize that I'm not very likely to be able to do that.
Tom should have known better than to lend money to Mary.
I didn't really think Tom would do that.
I know Tom knows that I shouldn't be doing that.
The cat ate the mouse.
I'm leaving on a trip at the beginning of winter.
Explain it to him all you like—he was always a fool and will be one forever.
Sami camped in a remote please.
The old people were taken good care of.
Do you wash clothes every week?
Doctors always talk like that just to keep people cheered up. I wouldn't have much hope if I was her.
Sami shouldn't bring that shit over here.
I figured everyone was happy.
I can't walk as well as I used to.
He submitted his written opinion.
Sami manipulated Layla and made her feel guilty.
I just need one more day.
My closet is full of things that I never wear.
There are four members in my family.
You're not making me feel anything I haven't already felt.
Sami and Layla had a lot of fun.
Tom wasn't paranoid.
I forgot who said that.
Tom drives a red Ferrari.
Let's take advantage of the vacation to go on a hike.
How much do you ask for this?
I'm not used to it, so it's a little tough.
I wonder if I could talk Tom into doing that.
My stage name is "Dances With Hummus", but I secretly crave guacamole.
He's early, isn't he?
What are Tom and Mary doing tomorrow?
I don't think this is the wrong road.
Take control.
Tom is almost never busy anymore.
Tom doesn't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
Mary attempted to kill herself.
His pen was under the table.
Not an anna in hand, but call me administrator nonetheless.
What a nice surprise!
What time did the plane arrive at Narita?
I thought Tom wasn't going to be here.
Tom and Mary live in Australia with their father.
I'll get you anything you want.
Tom missed the bus he was planning to catch.
Mr Bakir is the leader teacher.
Can you ask Tom to come on in?
The movie is a lighthearted yet devastatingly accurate and witty social satire.
Tom is talking in his sleep again.
Sami turned on the radio.
I understand what she's saying.
Tom apparently should have done that.
I've never actually seen a real cow.
We need more options.
I don't think that you need to do that.
"They're stupid children, what a nuisance", she said. I replied praising them: "What are you saying, They're both smart, with a good memory and a promising future"
The tickets sold out within a week.
Her pupils were as black and deep as an abyss.
Tom would've loved doing this.
Tom is likely going to be suspicious.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Will the fare change if I change the reservation?
It sounds like Tom and Mary aren't planning on doing that.
Tom bragged that he was the best player on the team.
Hopefully, Tom will get into Harvard.
If you drink hot milk before you go to bed, it will help you fall asleep.
Sami is angry.
I am no more happy than you are.
Sami got into the driver seat.
Albert Einstein was born in 1879 in Ulm, Germany.
Tony realized that if he hired another crew, got more customers and did the job quicker and sloppier, he could make more money.
I'm not a bad mother, just a busy one.
She's a professor.
Mennad hasn't read that part of the book yet.
I'm still waiting for Tom to make up his mind.
How can I call a taxi?
Do you know how to eat durian?
Such accidents are common.
Everybody feels that way.
Please meet me in front of the station at 2:30.
They can pet the dog.
I did that, even though I didn't have to.
She works a lot: she teaches at a school and also has a job in a bar.
You must help her.
I told Mary she had only thirty minutes to do that.
Tom looks like he's self-conscious.
Organic matter is formed by large molecules.
I was a spy when I was in my thirties.
I'm really not sure this will work.
The two of them struck up a friendship very quickly.
Sami drove 600 miles to attend Layla's wedding.
Mary put her head down on the table.
Sighing deeply, he grabbed hold of the door handle.
Why were 14,000 soldiers lost?
Jim said that he wouldn't mind waiting for us.
When you shake someone's hand look directly into his eyes.
He says he isn't planning to go.
He started not liking her.
Tom should probably not tell Mary what he needs to do.
He's good at skiing, isn't he?
Tom is never going to change his mind, is he?
What would you like to say about this?
This wildcard character stands for an unspecified symbol.
Excuse me? I said "Good evening" instead of "Good morning"? I must have had a senior moment.
The officers were satisfied.
Why did you keep her picture?
Could we have a table by the window?
I regret not staying in Boston longer.
Do you want more?
Mary is waiting, isn't she?
He asked me where she worked.
At the beginning of civilization, the crazy man, the shaman, ate grass on the river bank and pulled his hair out. Now today, the same madman blabbers on his cellphone about crypto-currency, buys a scone at Starbucks for $4.35, and his hair falls out on its own.
What is your favorite classic rock song?
We could meet at my house for once.
Mice reproduce quickly.
She looked away terrified.
Tom and Mary know that they're supposed to do that.
She understands Russian as well as she does her native language.
I was surprised by what I learned.
Tom will never be able to do that again.
I'd be very disappointed if I saw you doing that.
There's more to Tom than meets the eye.
Bon voyage!
She taught French in Italy before moving to Paris.
I saw a beautiful bird.
You should go to the commission.
I went over to Tom's house yesterday afternoon.
She's a dedicated teacher, isn't she?
It's three years since we moved here.
Be quiet. Tom is still asleep.
I can't anymore.
I thought that you were teaching Tom French.
When all was said and done, the world was not destroyed on December 21, 2012.
He doesn't respect her.
Will Interlingua remain just a fantasy metaphor for you?
She looks very good.
This is so true.
We're all high school students.
Tom won't be very hungry when he gets home.
I am forced to stay at home.
Tom hates spinach.
She is writing a letter.
Be the first to know.
Tom flopped onto his bed and was soon fast asleep.
Guandong summers are long.
Don't be afraid, I won't tell the police.
Tom wasn't the last person to arrive.
Tom and Mary say that they can do that today.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really plans to do that this week.
It only took us three hours to get to Boston.
Would you like to play a round of disc golf?
It just looks funny.
Why shouldn't we sing?
She plays the flute.
Those who possess nothing lose nothing.
You're a billionaire, aren't you?
He's not afraid of snakes at all.
I'm sorry, but I think you're mistaken.
Tom looks desperately worried.
This is a good camera.
Here is your menu.
Tom wished he could play the mandolin as well as Mary does.
We couldn't go any further.
Do you think you'll be arrested?
What are your top ten favorite movies?
Come on, Tom. Let's go home.
I didn't think Tom was going to do that so well.
I forgot to phone him.
I was just getting ready to leave.
It's super easy to install a towel rack.
Mary says she remembers doing that.
Mary said she remembered being there.
Hold still or you'll be shot.
I'm afraid I can't right now.
Mary is modest, isn't she?
I've already written three books.
Once upon a time there lived a queen whose heart was sore because she had no children.
I wasn't sleeping.
Tom has just gotten back from Australia.
I've been offered a job in Australia.
Did you know that Tom bought a new car?
It must have been Tom who did that.
I want her to do the hard work.
I don't trust the television.
I am a witness.
That problem hasn't been solved yet.
Something's wrong here.
We've worked enough for today. Let's eat!
I don't think that Tom will like Boston.
He's in jail, isn't he?
Tom and Mary were speaking to each other in French, thinking I couldn't understand them.
Tom started humming to himself.
Tom said he didn't think that Mary was asleep.
I usually leave her love notes in Berber.
Just apologize to Tom.
Walt is an ex-soldier.
Move it, Tom.
He likes these cats.
Sami told Layla to stop texting that girl.
You can use Tifinagh alphabet to write in the Tamazight language.
I checked online and I couldn't find anything about him.
We have four French classes a week.
I don't think that it can get any worse.
Tom and Mary know that they can trust us.
I don't understand how it could've happened.
You don't know until you've had a child what pain you can feel when something happens to them.
They were conservative men.
I could ask him directly.
Tom told me to come to Australia.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't tell them they need to do that.
Tom is out sick.
Tom turned the faucet off.
Tell Tom I'm sick.
Tom has nothing left.
I fail to see what's so funny.
Much remains to be learned from exploring the mysteries of the deep.
Tom befriended a girl named Mary.
Look, I'll show you.
Let us make an effort -in parallel with our efforts to identify ungrammatical English sentences- not to lose through neglect our patrimony.
Sami ruined Layla's party.
I don't think that I've ever heard Tom complain about anything.
And Israel taking his journey, with all that he had, came to the well of the oath, and killing victims there to the God of his father Isaac, he heard him, by a vision in the night, calling him, and saying to him: Jacob, Jacob. And he answered him: Lo, here I am.
"Which one did Tom give you?" "He gave me that one."
I have a fancy for bitter things.
We aren't permitted to do that anymore.
We're going to sort it out.
You're our one millionth customer.
Yanni was born in the northern Algerian city of Bejaia.
Is Tom talking to you yet?
Hey, look at the time.
Tom ignored Mary's question.
Now it's about what we do next.
How do you want me to do that?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Tom told me Mary was good at playing the piano, but I didn't really believe him until I heard her play.
I didn't do what Tom told me to do.
Aimee will return home at three o'clock.
There isn't a table in the room.
She says she is seeing things.
Because I was afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the complete truth.
Do you use Instagram?
You weren't surprised Tom did that, were you?
Tom is celebrating, isn't he?
I think that you need to eat more.
You should call the dentist for an appointment.
I'm telling you nothing happened.
Tom didn't finish his wine.
I guess she really loves me.
That's very odd.
Tom gets a lot of satisfaction from his work.
Although most of the clients are dogs with knee problems, orthotics and prosthetics have been fashioned for a wide range of other animals, including horses, goats, cows, turtles and birds.
The plane should have arrived at Kansai Airport by now.
He has a good understanding of the problems.
I knew doing that would be worthwhile.
We elected Tom captain of the team.
Where did he see that?
Tom let us know he wouldn't do that.
I just want you to know I regret doing that.
Tom knew what he had to do.
I feel like crying now.
There were only two.
Tom said that he doubted Mary would do that.
Tom's hands and feet were tied.
We want to hire you.
Tom's dog was attacked by a bear.
No one knows what to say.
Tom dug through the ashes to see what he could find.
Sami and Layla are doing YouTube.
The rugs are a good match for the curtains.
You're lucky to have a job.
That's one of the reasons that I know Tom is innocent.
He knows I know.
They say that they never wanted to do that.
A complex number is a number that can be expressed in the form "a + bi".
Jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet.
I thought that we had a great relationship.
They told me they liked doing that.
Tom said Mary knew that he might need to do that.
I'm staring at myself in a mirror.
Mary hoped that Tom would eat lunch with her.
Lieutenant Dan Anderson carefully collected samples for DNA testing.
Is it open?
Nobody chose their parents nor where they were born.
Mary said she's a Canadian.
Be careful. He's not an easy one to swindle.
I picked up some French.
She told me she was doing that.
I went to the hospital to see my wife.
Tom denied that he agreed to do that.
Tom and I have to talk right now.
Where can I get my money exchanged?
I know Tom isn't a teacher now.
We just want to take him home.
Tom has already left for Boston.
Tell me if I'm wrong.
She surprised him when she arrived early.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom she wants to do that.
We do that as well.
Are any of these cups clean?
Tom lives about threes blocks from here.
Please choose a suitable answer and write it in the blank space.
Mary always gets everything she wants.
I want respect.
Did you really think Tom would win?
Where is the nearest supermarket?
Tom has already been told never to come back here again.
Tom and Mary will be very glad they didn't do that.
Tom will know what we need to do.
She hummed a song.
I'm genuinely concerned with Tom's health.
Please tidy up this place.
My house seems small beside his.
Mary did only what she had to do.
Tom does things that I hate doing.
Cougars can be extremely aggressive.
The collapse of the new concrete platform killed four workers.
Tom never seemed to be interested in learning French.
I maintain that I'm not at fault.
He said he was depressed.
"It's really muggy today." "You're not kidding."
Tom is never coming back. He's dead.
Tom wants a bigger refrigerator.
I'm waiting for a call.
You've got a point there.
The castle is surrounded by a moat.
Tom and Mary thanked John for letting them use his computer.
I want to improve Berber.
Sami was living there permanently.
At the dance, everyone raved about my gown.
Looks like it's snowing, eh?
Come here and sit down.
Craft must have clothes, but truth loves to go naked.
Search the house.
Only one careless mistake cost the company millions of dollars.
I think Tom did that better this time.
Tom's parents wouldn't let Tom keep the kitten.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was creative.
Sami should have stopped taking appointments.
Tom isn't likely to be pleased.
Tom was touched by the orphan girl's story.
Tom is a dog trainer, isn't he?
I didn't like the fact that Tom was going out with Mary.
Tom was starving to death.
He will be back after lunch.
An American Government cannot permit Americans to starve.
If all goes according to plan, I should be back home again tomorrow night.
Carlos turned around.
Mary said she thought she might be required to do that today.
I arrived later than usual.
There's no way I'm going to go jogging with Tom.
I'm flabbergasted.
I've already started learning Russian.
Sami was picked on for being black.
You don't need to wear anything fancy.
Mary told everyone that she was adopted.
I told Tom he should stay at home.
I tried to get to sleep again, but I felt restless and uncomfortable.
The party will be tomorrow.
My parents have just thrown me out.
Tom was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
Why are you being towed by a bus?
Jacques is a Belgian name.
In Switzerland, it's illegal to own just one guinea pig.
I guess I need to start studying harder.
Tom put his phone back in his pocket.
Tom must've gotten on the wrong train.
Every man has his weak side.
I want you to tell me everything you know about what's happening.
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger still speak German?
I can pay part of my bill now.
I'll go with her.
Is one of those cars over there yours?
Sami gave a kitten to Layla.
Tom is very happy that his team won.
We are all tattooed in our cradles with the beliefs of our tribe; the record may seem superficial, but it is indelible.
This letter is for you.
We asked Tom where he was going.
Does it sound good to you?
Yes, Tom is a nice guy, but I wouldn't be able to fall in love with him.
Tom's suffering.
Tom is also mentioned in the book as well.
The shepherd is looking for some lost sheep.
He made a scene.
Tom and Mary said I should've helped them do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might need to do that soon.
Tom wants me to leave, but I won't.
He started to get hungry, so he threw a small stone in the river to kill a fish.
The thrushes come to our country in winter.
You might want to bring Tom with you.
I asked him if he could do me a favor. He said he couldn't right now, but would get back to me later on today.
I want you all to know that I don't understand French very well.
Give me a cut, wash and dry please.
I don't think Tom is autistic.
Tom seemed to be in a really good mood.
Everybody's talking about it.
He's not my boyfriend. He's just my friend.
I thought that I told you to cut your hair.
Near yonder narrow road stands an old knight's castle; thick ivy creeps over the old ruined walls, leaf over leaf, even to the balcony, in which stands a beautiful maiden. She bends over the balustrades, and looks up the road. No rose on its stem is fresher than she; no apple-blossom, wafted by the wind, floats more lightly than she moves. Her rich silk rustles as she bends over and exclaims, 'Will he not come?'
I couldn't protect them.
I should've noticed it before.
I heard an awful crash.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that.
He lost his patience and hit her.
Tom showed his garden to me.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was telling the truth.
He says he does that.
Look in there.
Tom was generous, but Mary wasn't.
I don't know his last name.
Sami put Layla in the middle of this.
The President said he would mobilize the military to distribute the coronavirus vaccine when it becomes available.
Tom asked me if I knew how to speak French.
I keep thinking about him.
I know exactly what Tom means.
Tom contacted me the other day asking me if I'd play guitar for a charity concert.
We are exploring new sources, such as solar and atomic energy.
Tom was giggling.
Tom said that he hit Mary.
He's training his dog.
Competition is not by nature evil.
Knowledge is the supreme goal.
If you don't tell them, I will.
Sami completely understands.
I'm running out of energy.
There is no reason to shout.
Where have you been all afternoon?
Tom goes to the local gym to work out.
Tom lives with his parents.
The scorpion was on Sami's arm.
Sami wasn't a dangerous person.
The field was rank with weeds.
Don't invite him to the party.
I'll give you a call when I've decided what to do.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary wouldn't do that.
You did that three months ago, didn't you?
They washed their faces.
I should have asked Tom to help.
I thought that this would make you happy.
Sami said hi to everybody.
You're really not Tom?
She said that she was very interested in archery.
Marilla sank into her chair with a deep sigh.
Sami went to the room.
Tom was the only person who was arrested.
RVing is popular among retired couples.
He came for help.
"Tom and Mary got new jobs." "What kind of jobs?"
I've changed since you met me.
Tom tried to impress a girl.
He only comes here from time to time.
I had an anxiety attack.
Ants work hard all summer.
Would you like to know who he is?
I saw it on the news.
She said she isn't making much money.
Tom, I have someone I want you to meet.
Tom was executed in 2013.
Tom knows everything that happened.
Can you tell me tomorrow's schedule?
I only wanted to forget.
Tom said he'll do it tomorrow.
Do you really want to dance with me?
The film has debuted at 120 festivals and won nearly as many awards.
She did only what she had to do.
This curtain is made of fine material.
I want you to lie still.
What time is the next performance?
I need a pair of scissors to cut this paper.
It's going to be great.
This coffee doesn't taste good.
I don't know why it's taking so long.
He regrets his having wasted his money.
Tom was correct.
Mennad saw me.
Tom has been here a long time.
Tom stepped on his dog's tail.
They didn't do what you said they did.
Tom sits behind Mary in science class.
Everyone seeks happiness.
Tom doesn't know he's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
You're not laying one finger on Tom's money.
Tom said the truck wasn't locked.
I got a late start this morning.
You hope Tom doesn't make us do that, don't you?
I thought that you were on my side.
The wind blew the umbrella out of my hand.
Sami was still ignoring Layla.
I think Tom stays at his grandparents' house whenever he visits Boston.
That's our job. That's what we're here for.
Tom likes beer as much as I do.
I wish there was more time.
Stop strutting around at once!
The first football club founded in Turkey was Galatasaray.
Could you tune my guitar for me?
It's invigorating to breathe the brisk, fresh mountain air.
Mary pulled her hair in a bun.
This is a great opportunity for Tom to unleash his potential.
The weather was beautiful yesterday.
They say they don't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
I lost my camera the other day.
They're pushing their children to pick up Berber.
Tom won't tell me how much he paid for his new computer.
You should rest now.
Tom is in the lead right now.
I want a new computer.
Someone tried to poison me.
He told me that he had no time to read books.
Sami was murdered in his house.
He told me he'd help.
At 7 p.m. I have dinner with my family.
Is something the matter?
Honesty is the primary reason for his success.
"I gave Link a sankrumi to help him on his way." "What's a sankrumi?" "I wonder that myself, really."
It's where I belong.
Tom disobeyed me.
This is very difficult for him.
How are you getting back home?
She is unable to add that sentence.
Did you catch the train?!
On hearing this, Daphnis, almost beside himself, sat down and wept bitterly, exclaiming that he should die if he were deprived of Chloe as a companion in the pastures; and that her sheep also would die of grief at the loss of such a mistress.
Tom and Mary will get their rev
Tom will meet Mary at 2:30.
Tom said he thought that Mary was upset.
Tom and Mary haven't finished their training.
That would've hurt.
He had never really paid attention to her.
Tom says he doesn't remember asking me to do that.
In a sense, that's exactly what's happened.
Yes, please do that.
Tom has never gotten a parking ticket.
You think Tom is handsome, don't you?
Tom told me he thought Mary was lazy.
You aren't as tall as I am, are you?
I can try harder.
Brian went to school with Kate.
We still want to win.
I thought Tom was swimming.
I don't like raï music.
I don't know which is better.
Tom asked us to stay and help him clean up.
And why do you think that is?
I told Tom and Mary that they should stop telling everyone that they could speak French.
I thought Tom wasn't ready to do that.
Suddenly rain began to fall.
It isn't that nice.
Why does Tom want to be a pharmacist?
I prefer walking to cycling.
I will be waiting for you in the park.
I wonder why you needed to do that.
Julio always tells bad jokes, and frequently he makes a fool of himself.
I trust Tom more than anyone.
I never realized there were so many birds in this area.
Sami and Layla walked down along the beach.
I'm calling to make an appointment.
I didn't understand everything Tom said.
Tom managed to find a new job.
I'm surprised that Tom didn't agree with you.
The police found out where the criminal lived.
Tom and Mary hoped that their dreams would come true.
I don't want to sing with you.
He stared at her hand for a moment.
Tom is young and inexperienced.
I can tell that Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
This is a warning that we must take seriously.
I didn't know you were supposed to do that the day before yesterday.
Tom didn't intend to let Mary kiss him.
The phone needs to be charged.
I'm very happy that happened.
He stayed in touch with her.
Tom and Mary plan to do that by themselves.
Tom lies.
Your idea is absolutely impossible.
I like to write here.
The US customs wanted to confiscate Australian Foreign Minister's Vegemite.
They believed us.
Tom and Mary really enjoy their jobs.
Those were his exact words.
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.
Tom's biological parents gave him up for adoption.
That won't work, trust me.
I saw Tom out of the corner of my eye.
Can I touch your boobs?
I'm sorry that I don't conform to your preconceived notions of perfection.
I know Tom was absent from school today.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be safe.
I really hate this.
Do you think people will make fun of me?
He's undeterred.
Tom is the only person Mary says she can trust.
They didn't shoot me.
He's a saint.
I'm not very likely be punished for doing that.
Tom died in 2013 in Boston.
Tom would never take money from me.
I'm sure you're going to like this lunch.
Why don't you all come with me?
To the devil with you!
We're all going to die someday.
Many people were outraged by a picture of a women pumping air into her tires while a man stood beside her playing on his phone.
Tom didn't want Mary to eat so much candy.
Tom is still in his room, studying.
We know that Tom sometimes hits Mary.
Would you like one of these?
We're holding an opening sale today.
I need some water.
Tom should be intrigued.
Is there dormant life on Mars?
He will ultimately pass the exam.
Tom relocated.
Tom is an honest man.
He likes purple.
Layla has been sneaking out of the house.
You have only to ask him if he'd like to join us.
His answer was favorable.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be tired.
They used to like that game.
Aren't you pleased?
Tom told me he'd be willing to do that.
Flights on this route have been suspended due to the weather.
Tom seems to be having trouble staying awake.
I think the garbage truck will come tomorrow.
Why do some people like to gamble?
What do you think of Tom's new girlfriend?
I've been to Canada one time.
Mary is the one, isn't she?
We put off our departure because of the rain.
I'd like you to leave my house.
The panda is China's national treasure.
Do you remember our being stuck in the snow with the car last winter?
Mary was walking so fast that we couldn't catch up with her.
Do you think that eating breakfast every day is important?
Do you mind if I listen to some music?
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't likely to be fired.
What do you think?
Hey guys! That's not funny!
Tom was deliriously happy.
I'm friends with Tom's brother.
This box is three times as big as that one.
He drove.
Sami and Layla are not friends.
He's insincere.
Pack them in the box.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were jealous.
Tom looks hesitant.
They bribed the witness into silence.
We should sit down.
Sami likes Egyptian food.
Tom and Mary are now in John's office.
Sami's name was there.
Didn't you know that I didn't have to do that?
Tom has a beautiful wife, beautiful children and lives in a beautiful house.
What Tom really wanted was a two-week vacation.
I can't do what I'm being paid to do.
Tom thought that Mary would be cold.
I'm really mad at Tom.
Tom is reading the article you told him about.
Does Tom often travel on business?
Tom could tell Mary wasn't convinced.
I can see why Tom and Mary like having you around.
The duck was still alive on the fifth day.
They said that they'd be doing that soon.
I saw her do it.
I know that Tom ought to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't try to do that.
What'll I need?
You're not safe here.
I wish that I'd punched Tom in the face.
I sat next to John.
It worked out OK for Tom.
Today, grandchildren and great-grandchildren of genocide struggle for recognition of the massacres, seeking justice for past crimes on behalf of family members who were brutally murdered.
I'm an alcoholic. I'm a drug addict. I'm homosexual. I'm a genius.
Sami's stepdaughters didn't like him.
They pawned the jewelry they'd stolen.
What's your blog about?
I didn't tell them to come.
I wanted Tom to give me time to do that.
Tom said he hopes you won't be late.
When they returned on the morrow to the pasture, Daphnis, seated under an oak as usual, played his pipe and looked at his goats, which were lying down.
Both Tom and I were wounded.
The two girls wore the same dress to the dance.
How can you be sure Tom will do what you ask?
Tom said that Mary knew that he might not have to do that by himself.
Sami never told Layla about that.
I don't want to marry you. Period, exclamation mark.
The restaurant was empty.
You will be universally praised for speaking the truth.
Now give me that.
She asked me what I expected.
Her laugh was a lie that concealed her sorrow.
Not all East Indians like English.
I don't think that Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
It was easy for me to do that.
Why does she think I did that?
Tom is going to be waiting for Mary in the lobby at 2:30.
I think Mary expected Tom to ask her to do that.
Why would Tom live in a place like this?
Tell me why Tom was fired.
Sami started getting weird text messages.
The thick clouds which cover Venus cause a "greenhouse effect". The clouds prevent heat from leaving the atmosphere.
Do you want to know what your problem is?
You got what you deserved.
Mary cannot see or hear.
Tom and I baked three pies this afternoon.
It might even work.
He had a good time.
What is it that "isn't only you"?
I've been unable to contact Mary.
Why should I care who Tom talks to?
Tom and Mary don't think they could do that.
We've done that.
Sami said there was a police car outside.
English used to have two forms for "you," one intimate and one "polite." No more. But where status matters, and a deferential address is called for, the third person is pressed into service; and the headwaiter asks, "Does the gentleman want a table?"
Why's Tom so unhappy?
Why do you want to see me?
They're pretty harmless.
He wondered where to hang his coat.
How many cups do you need?
I thought that we said 2:30.
Did they see us?
There is no strand that goes with the other.
I thought it would be possible to do that by myself.
Tom told me that I should resign.
Was it easy for you to find a job in Germany?
Apparently, Tom didn't know what to do.
And them, that were without, they struck with blindness from the least to the greatest, so that they could not find the door.
Doing that doesn't look dangerous.
The Islamic Salvation Front was an Algerian Islamist party.
Algeria was known for its bureaucracy.
Tom got the ticket for free.
I mean no harm.
Mennad and Baya went to the park.
We had a brief discussion about human rights.
Are you going to call?
He has kept that promise.
Can you justify that?
I have to massage my knees.
A man was injured by lava spatter.
Tom works for a company that makes automobile parts.
Tom talked to Mary before class.
It's a problem we do not have any answer for.
Tom wasn't there for Mary.
I went to a movie with Tom a few days ago.
That's where Tom lives.
I'm cool with that.
You're the only one who'll be allowed to do that, aren't you?
It looks like Mary will do what we've asked her to do.
No one knows how Tom did that.
She cooked us a delicious dinner.
I can't see Tom agreeing to that.
The children of Adam are limbs of each other, having been created of one essence. When the calamity of time afflicts one limb, the other limbs cannot remain at rest. If you have no sympathy for the troubles of others, you are not worthy to be called by the name of "man".
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what that is.
I was just talking about Tom.
Almost all of what Tom said was true.
She's changed her mind again.
I liked this striped shirt.
I'm dealing with that problem.
He even has one with dancing mice on it.
Tom can apparently speak French.
I think Tom should stay here.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't drunk so much.
Reading is not less necessary to our mind than food is to our body.
This disturbs you, doesn't it?
I hope that Tom and Mary come to my party tonight.
Don't we need a lot of money?
Sami doesn't think Layla was pregnant.
Tom is getting good at that, isn't he?
Did you know that Tom had a son?
His condition is critical.
My friends went to the cinema without me.
Tom is going to be safe here with me.
He's still asleep in his room.
Tom had to work really hard to finish it in time.
I wonder whether Tom will really be at Mary's party.
Tom met his wife when he was studying in Germany.
I took off my coat because it was hot.
Mary likes to do that whenever she's in Boston.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that.
Last time, I watched an amazing film.
A return ticket to Leon, please.
He is alone.
Algeria needs to attract more foreign investors.
Tom is gaining weight, isn't he?
Sami didn't stop singing.
Why is Tom talking?
He couldn't help doing so in the face of opposition.
In Earth orbit, conditions can be as cold as minus 250 degrees Fahrenheit. In the sunlight, they can be as hot as 250 degrees. A spacesuit protects astronauts from those extreme temperatures.
Tom spent a lot of time talking with Mary.
They want to rape our women.
Algerians beat up those who do not observe Ramadan but do nothing against those who steal a whole country.
This is too small a house for us to live in.
Tom had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
All our children were born in Kabylie.
I entrusted my property to him.
No one knows exactly when we need to be there.
Tom looks totally confused.
Yanni made Skura's blood run cold.
Do you have a list of hotels?
Tom wished that their kiss would last forever.
The hijacking attempt failed when the victim managed to escape.
Skura bought a lot of food.
I caught three fish yesterday.
You'll get hurt.
Tom had enough money to buy everything he wanted.
Tom asked me if I thought he looked fat.
I think that's what you need to be worried about.
Look at her. She's beautiful.
Sami told the kids.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John needed to do that.
Learning a foreign language is a waste of time.
They called them traitors.
My dream is to study English in Vancouver.
Time flies like an arrow.
The white house is antique.
The heavens do not create men that are more than men, nor do they create men that are less than men.
Tom said that he wants to spend more time with Mary.
Algiers, where the capital city is located, is the smallest province in all of Algeria.
We play soccer every Saturday.
Tom was very careless.
Everyone's friend is actualy nobody's friend.
They were jumping about in excitement.
We elected her mayor.
Tom told me he thought Mary was home.
Mary knew Tom would ask her to do that.
I wonder why Tom is so drunk.
Tom is teaching me to how to sail.
Tom wrote to me from Boston.
She got a flat tire on her way home.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be sympathetic.
Tom's dog seemed friendly.
Why don't we just stay in?
Tom is talking to us.
Sorry. I must be in the wrong office.
The reason is because I can speak Chinese.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't having a good time.
The teacher said, "Above all, what is necessary for success is perseverance."
You don't do that as often as you should.
It's a very clever piece of kit.
Sami had a lunch break.
The dog looked at his master with anxiety.
Tom is fairly reliable.
He has to speak French for his job.
How many books have you read so far this summer?
Something you should know about me is that I want to become an actor.
I made it official.
The ceremony took place in the afternoon.
Tom works his butt off.
I still think about Tom from time to time.
The plural of octopus is octopuses.
I really like her, but I'm not sure that I love her.
Has anyone ever told you you've got serious trust issues?
He was outraged.
Tom wants to help Mary do that.
The home team won.
This proposal deserves serious consideration.
The lies and propaganda of the separatists are nauseating.
The war is liked by only those who haven't seen it.
Tom had fish tacos.
I don't care what Tom and Mary say. I'm not going.
Mummy's working.
You get more and more beautiful every day.
I didn't know you knew him.
Tom and Mary said they'd be there tomorrow.
Tom and Mary liked what they saw.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
He usually watches the weather report in the morning before leaving home.
Sami lost his mind with fear.
They ate and drank champagne.
Sami lured Layla into the basement.
The truth is relative, just as everything in the world is relative.
Tom couldn't catch the rabbit.
Tom could use a raise.
I didn't know you weren't planning on doing that next winter.
I don't have time to play games with you.
Sami doesn't want to think about that.
Sami was doing really well.
I can't stop looking at you.
Mary has a dog.
I'll write to you when I have time.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me he wasn't going to do that.
I'd love to see Tom do that.
He sounds nice.
Tom was working in Boston the day Mary was murdered.
Sorry, Tom, I didn't want to get you involved.
You don't even know his name, right?
Now Sami knows the truth.
We saw all the houses pulled down one after another.
She was shot in her sleep.
It could never happen.
Tom and Mary say there's nothing they can do.
He told me that he was forgetful.
He killed himself three months ago.
They said that they'll be leaving tomorrow.
Tom and Mary planned John's surprise party together.
She prepared dinner by herself.
What do you want to talk to me about?
She didn't want to see Algeria again.
The noise continued for several hours.
Tom is really jealous, isn't he?
Please be quiet and don't hamper my work.
I thought Tom had already unplugged the toaster.
I thought that you said you'd probably do that.
I wanted to surprise Tom.
There are trees in this forest.
Tom doesn't like to fly.
Which animals lay eggs?
It seems a long way to the bottom.
Tom said that there might be one piece of cake left.
Small things can lead to bigger things.
Do you know that girl's name?
I'm not ready to quit yet.
My husband is disabled.
Tom said he thought I might not be required to do that.
Tell me again what Tom and I are supposed to do.
Mary wanted to know if Tom had a girlfriend.
I'm already thirty minutes late.
There's nothing for you here.
Only a handful of people know the fact.
They walked their dogs.
This is a touchy topic.
What kind of stuff do you need?
I don't think that Tom needs any more help.
Tom is very forgetful, isn't he?
I wish that I could do that already.
I've never met her.
According to Islamic principles, you should treat people fairly and equally.
I go to bed very early.
Why are you two fighting?
Sami didn't like Layla's sweater.
Tom thought that he wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
He inherited the business from his father.
I would have told you, but Tom made me promise not to tell.
I don't understand why a video of two female singers kissing is getting so much attention.
She knew she wouldn't be arrested.
Jocelyn Bell went to a boarding school in England from 1956 until 1961.
I wonder if Tom can sing as well as Mary.
Perhaps Tom is writing a letter.
Tom illustrated three children's books last year.
Why are Tom and Mary hesitant to do that?
Why do you keep provoking her?
I can definitely have a conversation in Berber.
I need to spend a few weeks in Boston.
Littering in this facility is subject to a maximum fine of $500.
I hear you're moving to Australia.
There is a limit to everything.
Sami isn't paying Layla.
I thought she'd never leave.
She promised me to clean my room.
It's going to be a fun weekend.
No, I did not sleep with him.
I am allowed to swim in the river.
Layla has never seen a camel in her life.
The boy observed the growth of the plant.
Tom canceled his order.
I know why Tom got interested.
I hear you'll set up a new company.
Tom pled guilty and was fined $300.
Did you ask Mary who helped her with her homework?
I think I'll have one more ice cream cone.
You aren't supposed to be in here, are you?
Tom and his friends played hockey on the frozen pond.
But most importantly, any news organization or journalist should be prepared to admit errors when they’ve been made.
Hey, let's get on with it.
We'll talk about that later.
Why are your eyes so big?
Let's talk a little bit about the Algerian economic crisis.
You must deny it.
Mary said she didn't know how to swim.
The works of D'Annunzio are an answer to Marinetti.
Sami concentrated on the test.
I told Tom not to pitch his tent so near the river.
Tom had no idea that Mary didn't like him.
The idea seems dreadful.
Is this the first time that you've flown alone?
Tom knew Mary told John she was going to do that.
The streetcar is now certainly out of date.
He takes very good care of his guests.
Tom is a gangster.
Tom and Mary are graduating tomorrow.
I'll meet you in front of the school.
I can definitely do that.
How much do you earn?
Rest in peace, father!
Her wife is our Italian teacher.
I have to show you something.
I was trying to show off.
The place was hard to reach.
Mind you, we didn't say we'd do it.
Do you wish to speak to the lady of the house?
There are a lot of hangers on the curtain rail.
He went to the park with her.
Allah knows.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston, but he went anyway.
They said that the decision was theirs.
Sami changed into his costume.
Lakhdar Benkoula is another pseudo-intellectual who writes disgusting racist articles.
I was in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary are at home.
He may have to help her.
I was unable to breathe because of the smoke.
You should have come to us.
Tom and Mary aren't as disorganized as they used to be.
I won't be alone.
If p
He has a nice body.
The patient suffers from hallucinations.
My grandfather's life was long and happy.
Tom told me to shut the gate.
That isn't what we want to do.
Mary needed to change her plan.
Tom was in time for his appointment.
The students applauded.
Why can't we stay in Boston for a few more weeks?
They had better have kept their mouths shut.
His view isn't very reliable.
Did anything happen to her?
I've given you everything you wanted.
An elephant has a long nose.
How big is the sun?
I doubt the truth of the report.
They're eager to see you.
Would you like mango, apples and papaya?
I was going to make cookies for Tom.
Sami was touching my things.
At any rate, I will do my best.
Tom is about the same age as Mary.
She said she had to call the police.
Tom is an electrical
He sometimes has difficulty switching to Berber.
He did what we wanted him to do.
Mary isn't as patient as she used to be.
Mary could do that for Tom if he wanted her to.
I must find out who is behind this.
I want the bigger cake.
We are bored.
I'd like to go to the zoo.
The poor young man finally became a great artist.
Tom wondered why Mary was doing that.
You still win sometimes, don't you?
Let me watch you do that again.
What's new with you? How is your new job working out?
Go home now.
She talked to the chairman.
Would you have liked the dress if it had been a darker color?
I can prove that Tom lied.
Tom ate three sandwiches.
He said that he was annoyed.
She took a step backwards.
Tom should have gone to Boston last week.
They promised me that they'd come early.
We both love them.
Tom is the man standing next to Mary in this picture.
Tom got out of prison on October 20th three years ago.
Here once stood a hotel that claimed the world's freshest towels. The place shut down after they were all stolen.
I've lived here since 2013.
That would've been discourteous.
Politics can sometimes resemble grammar: An error that everyone commits is finally recognized as a rule.
She didn't suspect anything.
What is the use of learning if you don't worship God or respect learned persons.
Acknowledge your own faults before criticizing others.
While I loved him, he loved her.
A Mr Smith came to see you during your absence.
Algeria has more Berber speakers than Libya.
There's no evidence.
Tom told me he's unconvinced.
Where am I?
Yanni showed up in the middle of the night.
Sami had no problem for sharing Layla with other men.
It's not like you caused actual bodily harm during the crash right?
I guess that Tom really had to go.
The cat scratched my hand.
Sami delivered pizzas at night.
Sami wasn't home when Layla brought the gift over.
You may use it any time.
I wasn't trying to mislead anyone.
There's a hotel here.
Tom set the tray down on the table.
My feet are sunburned.
Tom and Mary said they planned to do that doing on Monday.
I don't feel like dancing.
Both Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
Turn off your phone.
I like football the best.
As you sow, so will you reap.
Layla had a gang boyfriend.
I'll buy a pen for Tom.
More than a century ago, a comet or a meteor exploded in the sky above the Tunguska River valley in Russia. The explosion knocked down millions of trees over hundreds of miles.
Do you have any comic books?
The dentist would like you not to eat any sweets.
Tom is nosy, isn't he?
Tom's in heaven now.
Consider the following facts.
She took him by the arm.
Mary put her coffee cup down.
This book is really difficult to finish reading in a week.
There's nothing I could ever say that would make Tom change his mind.
I'll be back in about a month.
You could at least say "thank you".
We need to remember to pick Tom up at the station at 2:30.
He said that he should do that.
Where are your brothers?
She's got the hots for you.
A century ago, gypsum quarries sat here.
Tom brought petit fours.
Sami is cool.
I don't think that Tom knows how to play golf.
Excuse me?!
Tom's father made him practice the piano every day for at least thirty minutes.
Love me little, love me long.
"Now we're here!" "Enough! I'm going to talk to Ganon! Hey, Ganon! Ganon? ...Ganon!" "Silence! You dare?!" "...GANON!" "What?!" "I have a present for you: a bomb!"
She's pretty aggressive, isn't she?
I can't believe we finally made it.
I think Tom would be better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom has written an autobiography.
Just because he's wise doesn't mean that he's honest.
I told you Tom isn't my friend.
I was ready to die.
Tom is waiting for you in your office.
Tom is likely be tired when he gets home.
Who wants this?
She wrung the towel.
They packed their things and left.
Mary enjoyed herself at the party.
The child cried for help.
Who's the artist, if I may ask?
We have staff meetings on Monday.
I don't think it's very likely Tom will show us how to do that.
Now, I believe in lunar colonization.
Laws differ from state to state in the United States.
Tom is playing with his dogs.
They said they were safe.
It won't take us long to do that.
The pot is boiling over.
Tom said that Mary knew that he might need to do that.
Tom seems to be puzzled by something.
The teacher let me off for being late.
I know that Tom doesn't know how to do that very well.
Your hypocrisy is infuriating.
Algeria will be spending a lot of money on infrastructure.
I thought that I wasn't going to lose so much weight.
Don't you two have separate bank accounts?
Mary likes stories.
Tom should be living at home with us.
They were cut off in the middle of their telephone conversation.
The last time Tom went to Australia was three years ago.
Skiing is a lot of fun.
She's very rich, isn't she?
I told her to sit down and to drink a glass of water.
Tom tried to say something to Mary.
The factory is trying to get rid of water pollution.
I rarely ever sleep on a plane.
They're creepy.
My head really hurts.
I should probably not tell Tom that I don't like him.
Tom won the hot dog eating contest.
I don't want to offend you.
Tom is determined to lose weight.
You're too young to remember the nineties.
We'll have guests tomorrow.
How far away is New York in miles?
Can we do some work now?
I am ready to serve you.
Queen Marie Antoinette was guillotined.
I love to play chess.
How often do you have parties?
Tom didn't invite Mary to his party.
Don't neglect your business.
He's talkative.
Neither Tom nor Mary is likely to want to do that.
I don't even care.
Mary returned the shirt because it was too small.
I ate breakfast quickly so I would be in time for the first bus.
People don't know own rights. And even if they know, they don't seek to protect them.
I opened the door for Tom.
And I thought you were open to new ideas and open-minded discussion.
Mary is a really cute girl.
I feel bad about having made you wait so long.
It was bound to happen and finally it did.
You can't marry him.
That's really good news.
When I said that you stimulated me I meant, to be frank, that in noting your fallacies I was occasionally guided towards the truth.
They stole my idea.
She doesn't fit in that dress.
I never do anything stupid.
I was feeling very sorry for myself.
Stephen Hawking passed away today at the age of 76.
Tom knows that there's only one course of action possible.
Thank you very much for your invitation.
She told me that she was well.
Tom is probably going to have fun doing that.
I lent my pencil to Tom.
I love you more and more every day.
Tom jumped high and caught the ball.
A small bug bit me on the arm because I was accidentally crushing it.
We have been waiting here for hours.
Tom is my roommate.
Thousands turned out to pay their respects to Lieutenant Bakir.
It's natural for family members to help each other.
She took advantage of me.
I live next to her.
Tom isn't an expert.
I'd describe him as a middle-aged man in a yellow jacket, orange tie and a pink shirt.
Tom and Mary said they were curious.
I thought that Tom said to be here by 2:30.
The tide of public opinion is turning against sexism.
They deported me.
The supermarket shelves were almost empty.
Sami didn't get the point.
I had trouble falling asleep.
Sami worked there with his girlfriend.
We need to be paid more.
Tom is not an enemy. He's a friend.
Tom is now married, isn't he?
Tom says that he has the perfect marriage.
He looked around the room, but couldn't see her.
Sami was in his own house.
Sami found Layla's address.
Of all the possible reasons, he chose the least expected one.
Sami doesn't listen to rumors.
When do you expect the next train?
What time did Mary say she wanted to take a break?
There was absolutely nothing I could do to save Tom.
He's using the saw right now.
I'm the one who has to call Tom.
She is always dressed in black.
Mary isn't as happy as she should be.
I hear Tom might be coming to Boston.
Yes, he can.
I don't think that it's a trick.
I'll try doing that this weekend.
Mary may not be as happy as she seems.
My neighbour's dog barks.
Each is of an acceptable quality.
Tom and Mary knew that John would be drunk by the time he got home.
They say that they'll do what they need to.
Tom was sitting under a tree, drinking wine.
Is there anybody else you'd like us to notify?
Tom and Mary said they'd ask John to do that.
Tom will drive Mary home.
Algeria is one of the largest oil-exporting nations in the world.
She is cold to me.
Let the doctor be old, and the barber young.
Were Tom and Mary the ones who suggested this?
Sami has family in East Jerusalem.
Sami caught Layla sucking face with Farid.
We do not have to talk about that.
And when Aaron spoke to all the assembly of the children of Israel, they looked towards the wilderness; and behold the glory of the Lord appeared in a cloud.
They've been teasing Tom about his accent.
We never saw any of that.
The air in this city is toxic because of the many factories located here.
I ran into Tom at the mall.
Everyone knows who killed Tom.
I prefer drinking coffee to drinking tea.
In the morning, the witch gave the girl two pieces of linen to weave before night, and the boy a pile of wood to cut into chips.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will do that.
Tom didn't want anyone to know.
Unfortunately, we couldn't make realize much of what was planned.
She said she isn't likely to cry.
Mary didn't want to stay, but she did.
Tom doesn't help me.
What kind of hat do you want to buy?
Sami didn't recognize Layla from her photos.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be afraid to do that.
While a denial of service attack requires one single device, a distributed denial of service attack involves many devices working together.
Why am I always so boring?
They demolished the old temple to build a skyscraper.
That doesn't mean it's been easy.
Iberism is a movement that supports the unification of the Iberian peoples and its nations such as Catalonia, Castile, Portugal, Galicia, Basque Country, Andalusia...
Have a good weekend!
Mary is never on time, is she?
I'll go see if Tom is busy.
A few shops, an agency and a bank can be found around it.
Mary helps anyone that asks her.
I didn't know that you were going to let me do that.
Algeria should become China's main investment hot spot in the Mediterranean region.
We need to look into the matter.
Sami didn't realize this at the time.
Mennad isn't kicking Baya out of this house.
How many times a week do you study French?
Why do you think Tom shouldn't do that?
The information seems to have leaked out.
Tom has a very large nose.
Tom and Mary told John how to do that, didn't they?
I assisted my brother with his homework.
You've told me this story before tons of times.
Mary said she'll be doing that on her own.
I'd like to borrow your notes for a bit.
On the way to the airport they stopped at a gas station.
She's pretty busy, isn't she?
I like rice.
Do you travel by sea or by air?
The maids complained of his drunken habits and his vile language.
He has no experience in Berber conversation.
I didn't think Tom would be so pessimistic.
Unless you study, you won't learn this.
She brushed the sand off her legs.
Sami has a photo of him in that outfit.
Why certainly! Yuk, yuk.
He destroyed all of my enthusiasm to learn Berber.
Sonia had a very amused look on her face.
Tom thought that Mary wouldn't like Boston.
How does one become a Muslim?
Mary is coming back soon, isn't she?
I'll try to fix it later.
I didn't see either boy.
Tom is still just a kid.
There's a tornado coming!
Put the book back in the same place where you found it.
I can't believe Mary did that by herself.
Macedonia gained its independence peacefully from Yugoslavia in 1991.
Tom is quite courteous.
Tom said Mary knew he might have to do that several more times.
Tom and Mary own their own company.
Should we do that?
Do you think I missed something?
What did Tom tell you about that?
It's lovely up here.
The experiment must succeed. The next chance will only arise in fifty years.
I have here a ten thousand dinar check for each and everyone of you.
She said that she'd been careless.
I want you to be honest.
There is Tokyo.
Tom traveled around Asia.
The monastic life is no life for me.
Try to stand up.
We're very attracted to life in the countryside.
In no way did he look like a child lost in the middle of the desert, miles and miles from any living soul.
She went to bed here, near me.
He was sitting in the classroom.
What kind of changes do you suggest?
They'd never go swimming by themselves.
He's telling the truth, isn't he?
I danced yesterday. I danced before too.
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
Fadil was a lonely single dad struggling to raise his daughter Layla.
"I am in the soup," reported the fly through its walkie-talkie.
They got up from their desks.
Everything's under control here.
Today, after riding, while grooming the horse I carelessly got my right foot trod on.
I'm not sure if Tom does that anymore.
Would you mind opening the window?
Tom thinks that Mary won't be jealous.
Maybe we'll play some basketball.
Islam teaches you how to conduct your life.
He advised me that he had arrived.
No one comes to visit me anymore.
How much is that going to come to?
I closed my eyes and shook my head.
Make sure you drink plenty of fluids and nourish yourself and get better soon.
Sami was hitting that girl.
You strike me as the kind of man who never does anything he doesn't want to do.
Tom was hungry and miserable.
Let's go dancing.
Tom and Mary insisted they weren't the ones who did that.
Which one would you chose and why?
How goes it?
You don't understand the procedure.
That was, as it were, part of the job.
Let's start early in the morning, shall we?
He did the same.
I can't deal with Tom right now.
Do you know why Tom doesn't want me to sit next to Mary?
I can't understand what you're saying.
I know that Tom and Mary are curious.
Mennad had a big nose.
Sami is in the car with his parents and kids.
The society in which they live is very different from our own.
Everybody waited in silence.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are outside.
You aren't special.
Mary is too young for me anyway.
This music is very difficult to sight read.
That's exactly what's going to happen.
Did I say I was finished?
Since we can't find a better one, let's make the best of what we have.
We've been down that road.
For Christ's sake, stop it!
It could be them.
Tom is a very quiet neighbor.
He says everyone he knows can swim.
Last month was very cold.
Do you want me to paint your fingernails?
Mary says she isn't planning to do that anymore.
I ran across a rare book in a secondhand bookstore.
I wonder whether I'll really be able to do that.
Is the cat small?
I thought this was common knowledge.
Tom had one daughter.
I think I have the best job in the world.
I don't think that I snore, but I'm not really sure.
I'm going to study French this evening.
He is unable to finish it in an hour.
I have to buy one.
I knew your father very well.
When was the last time I visited you?
Tom used to be thin.
I was up all night writing this report.
This is going to be cool.
You know Tom doesn't like that.
Fadil lived on Sadiq street.
Tom fell in love with a Russian girl he met online.
Go away. And don't come back.
They were receiving the guests.
"I knew she was a 'troublemaker'," Rebecca muttered.
She's terminally ill, isn't she?
Tom said he didn't understand why anyone would do that.
I'd like to improve my Cebuano.
The fans cheered for their team.
I wonder whether Tom could help us or not.
Tom didn't know you weren't supposed to do that today.
Tom isn't going to give Mary any money.
The New Year came in with a light fall of snow.
Why are you so interested all of a sudden?
He has a short temper.
There were only three horses in the race.
Tom said he would come tomorrow.
"There's more than one way to do it" is a motto common among users of the programming language perl.
Tom will very likely be too scared to say anything.
Tom and Mary say they often forget things.
Are you done with this?
She called him a fool.
We just couldn't help ourselves.
Tom went out drinking with his friends last night.
Tom and Mary won't tell me where they put my car keys.
Mary told me that she didn't see anyone come in.
Sami had a gerbil.
How could you allow it?
Can you give me a ride to the station?
Mary won't be skiing with us, will she?
She said that she wasn't poor.
I'm convinced Tom isn't guilty.
Are you going to talk to Tom about that?
You can go home now.
Algerians have a strong religious identity.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was too slow.
Tom has already told Mary she won't be permitted to do that.
Let me add some words about sentence fusion. A human is given two sentences and asked to produce a single coherent sentence that contains only the important information from the original two. This is a highly constrained summarization task. Investigations — carried out by Hal Daume and Daniel Marcu — has shown "that even at this restricted level, there is no measurable agreement between humans regarding what information should be considered important."
I wish we could have helped.
I failed chemistry.
From now on, I won't smoke anymore.
I'm having a hard time answering your question.
We talked our time away.
Tom is upset because he wasn't invited to Mary's party.
You have the body of an athlete.
Her attention is focused on children.
As soon as I find it, I'll bring it over to your place.
Tom's and Mary's salaries are much higher than mine.
Tom couldn't remember any of his lines.
I appreciate that this isn't an easy task for you.
But when the later coming was, and the last conceiving, he did not put them. And those that were lateward became laban's; and they of the first time Jacob's. And the man was enriched exceedingly, and he had many flocks, maid-servants and men-servants, camels and asses.
You tore your pants.
Tom could no longer restrain himself.
Tom is doing very well at school.
Are you two Algerian?
This asteroid passed close to Earth.
What a weakling!
You're forgetful, aren't you?
Tom said Mary isn't safe.
Experts already know that years of loneliness or feelings of isolation can lead to anxiety, depression and dementia in adults.
Staying busy and crazy!!
A cloud passed over Tom's face.
Tom doesn't like talking about himself.
How can someone who has hundreds of millions of dollars possibly be unhappy?
Mary looked like she was dead.
Tom told me I'm incompetent.
He's fine today.
I know a lot about birds.
Her standards for men are impossibly high, thanks to a girlhood rich in Disney, Cosmopolitan, and private school.
Sami did a very stupid thing.
I have to tell him something.
If you hadn't done it, someone else would have.
I've been told not to tell you what happened.
Tom has black hair.
I have to pay this bill today.
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.
If Tom's not careful, he's going to get injured.
Who did Tom say went to Australia with Mary?
The morning sun is too bright to look at.
I have to go to a funeral today.
I've told Tom why Mary ought do that.
He counts up to six.
He will defeat them.
Tom will probably tell Mary not to look out the window.
Algeria doesn't officially recognize the independence of Kosovo.
Sami has to go.
Tom ran out of gas on his way here.
Tom confessed that he did that.
The boss has a high opinion of his secretary.
She reluctantly agreed.
Tom went to the same school that I did.
You want to get out of here, don't you?
Do you think we can help him?
What exactly am I paying for?
I'm just saying you shouldn't go out alone at night.
I just smile in the face of a racist person.
I don't tell jokes well.
Tom was busy cleaning the pool.
You made that clear yesterday.
Tom is putting on his jogging shoes.
I don't scare that easily.
Sami dropped Layla off.
Tom crossed the road.
Tom is getting drunk.
Lift your legs.
Tom loves himself more than he loves anyone else.
Tom lacks motivation.
All the workers went home save one.
It's not polite to stare at people.
It occurred to me that he must have stolen the dictionary.
When are Tom and Mary expected back?
I might have to do that soon.
We agreed to start early the next morning.
I haven't formed an opinion yet.
Tom would like to buy a house in Australia.
The party was held in the professor's honor.
Mary is off today, isn't she?
Tom exited through the gate.
Am I seeing things?
I wonder if Tom really wants to go to Boston.
Let's stop this argument.
You need one of those.
My father boasts of the fact that he has never had a traffic accident.
Mary hopes she can to stay in Boston until next October.
Tom and Mary said that they were single.
I know how to fix this.
The advent of indoor tanning salons now allows Canadians to sport a sun-kissed look all year round.
I promise that I won't do that again.
I saw Tom at the airport.
Have you ever been on TV?
Please help yourself to the pizza.
Look at the setting sun.
Can I have another piece of cake?
Humans are bigots.
He's good at golf, isn't he?
Tom said he doesn't like this color.
I'm likely to do that soon.
Tom and Mary found John's umbrella in the trunk of their car.
Sami was stealing the tip money.
Does Tom play squash?
Tom still hasn't got the courage to tell Mary what he did.
I was interviewed for a job.
Sami didn't really want to talk about this.
We don't have permission to do that.
I know that Tom wanted to be here.
Tom is still at Mary's house.
Tom won't leave until he's talked to Mary.
There must be active and enforceable mechanisms to protect copyright exceptions and limitations, including fair use and fair dealing regimes.
Who drew it?
Tom likes to sleep late.
Mennad is yelling.
Please point out the articles you want to buy.
I know that Tom knows I wanted to do that.
Do you want a little cake?
I'd like three bags of potato chips.
Mary said she wanted to learn how to sail a boat.
Tom's voice cracked on a high note.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that together.
Tom told Mary he was going to eat lunch at home.
Wash your hands, please.
I'm proud of myself. Yes, I'm proud.
The elevator was not working.
I can hardly stand it.
Our plane was about thirty minutes late.
Tom should have stayed home.
Sami wasn't comfortable with this.
Go figure.
Tom is an early riser.
She noticed that he was sitting in the corner by himself.
He took off to find her.
I usually do that by myself.
He wrote a postcard to her.
I was kept for fourteen days in the hospital.
Tom was a self-made millionaire.
Sami was totally down-to-earth.
He could buy bread and milk with the money he had.
A gaggle of intoxicated youths stopped to ponder whether there is an Opposite Day in Bizarro World.
Does he have many books?
We think we've got that fixed.
There are no spoons.
Sami was still there.
I think Tom is obstinate.
Tom said goodnight to his parents.
Wholesale prices are basically flat.
He's annoying.
Mary is our only daughter.
The old man looked wise.
I know exactly what needs to be done.
I have to get her.
How long has Tom been abroad?
Seriously though, episode 21 made me laugh so hard I almost cried.
"Not here thy destined seat, / so saith the Delian god, not thine the shores of Crete."
How can we buy British goods?
Sami took my money.
I'd like some tea, please.
Is terraforming possible?
He kept silent for a long time.
I was caught in a shower.
The sun rises for everyone.
Taking care of soldiers on a mountain is difficult.
Didn't you know that I didn't want to do that?
You did it all right.
I'm pretty sure Tom wears a wig.
How much is that VR headset?
He frequently speaks with her.
"How much is he asking for?" "A thousand euros."
That's all I can offer you.
Tom couldn't have done that.
We've finally managed to persuade Tom to help us.
I'm sorry I was so slow.
Tom is planning to be here all day.
We have to find out what's going on here.
I doubt that Tom will be available.
Intended for children, this is a book often read by adults.
Tom and Mary aren't still sleeping, are they?
What do I do if Tom calls?
Have you ever had lunch in this restaurant?
Layla was full with rage.
I'm worse than Tom.
I tried in vain to seduce her.
I'm aware that that's happening.
I'm trying to impress Tom.
He'll go far.
Are your speakers Philips or Samsung?
I can't really do anything until Tom and Mary get here.
I don't have either a cat or a dog.
A good day begins with you.
Don't pay any attention to Tom.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me who gave them that envelope.
Don't you want to be in love again?
You can't blame her for not knowing what she hasn't been taught.
I love Berber.
I think I'll always love you.
This is an opera in five acts.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how worried you are.
Tom is the person who showed me how to do that.
Have you met the new French teacher yet?
Tom told Mary it would be OK for her to do that.
No animal can exist without plants.
I don't think that Tom knows exactly what he should do.
I didn't know you were coming to visit.
We visited Mito Park, which is famous for its plum blossoms.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to quit doing that.
Tom couldn't tell the difference.
I'm very surprised to see you here.
Are you saying that Tom is a traitor?
How salty is too salty?
Which way is the elevator?
He couldn't teach them the Quran.
I doubt if Tom will be surprised.
The main streets are wide and beautiful.
I assume that you don't want this.
That's your chance, Tom. Take it!
Who discovered Brazil?
She denied that she despised him.
The lights turn on when you clap.
I found Islam was perfect.
Tom said there are no meetings scheduled for today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that because it was dangerous.
He refused to tell me what happened.
It makes no difference to me that Max has come.
I thought that Tom had gotten lost.
You can let him go now.
Maybe Tom doesn't need our help.
Who's with her now?
"Where did you leave your umbrella?" "I left it at school."
Serious girls don't exist anymore.
Give them some money.
I know Tom doesn't know why I had to do that by myself.
They speak English a lot, especially the educated people.
I didn't get much sleep last night so I was nodding off all day at work.
Do you think Tom and Mary understand?
Tom said that he knew he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Focus on the present.
Shouldn't we wait a bit longer?
Sami told us real stories about his past.
I don't suffer from insanity - I enjoy it!
Tom just wouldn't stop doing that.
Tom started swearing.
I really love those Kabyle dresses.
Is there any reason why I must obey him?
We have an elevator and a private bath.
I don't think Tom will be able come tomorrow.
The prefectural governor got the upper hand in the July elections.
She loves you.
How are you planning to do that?
Spiders terrify me.
This smart pillow vibrates when you snore.
I'm getting longsighted as I get older.
Did we make a reservation?
Mary has never been asked out on a date.
Money lenders are enjoying a profitable period.
How many cans of beer did he drink?
Tom took a class to learn how to manage his anger.
We were all wearing gloves.
Tom knows how important doing that is to me.
Let me take a quick shower.
I wouldn't want it any other way.
I can probably give you seven minutes.
Layla started wearing the scarf before even becoming Muslim.
What did you smoke?
Aren't you even a little curious?
Tom thought that Mary would be alone.
Martha loves you.
Tom is carrying an umbrella because it was raining when he left his house.
They went out on their bicycles.
There's no sign of forced break-in.
I thought that that was the case.
Nothing seems real.
We have to pray isha.
The end is clear.
"Why do you say Stalin is dead?" "Papa, take your medicine."
It was early in April in the year '83 that I woke one morning to find Sherlock Holmes standing, fully dressed, by the side of my bed.
You're mad and you have every right to be.
It was a good opportunity.
Do you know who's supposed to do that?
I am learning Polish.
She didn't give me her name.
Gold is heavier than iron.
The ambassador is responsible for the assignment.
Why, God, why?
The value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used.
I like Tom a lot.
Tom and I never agree.
She did not return with us.
Tom taught French in Boston for three years.
I'm washing my hands of the guilt.
I was about to get in the bath when I heard someone knocking on the door.
I would have stayed in Boston longer if I could've.
Were you home last night?
Can Tom and Mary both do that?
My car is covered with pigeon poop.
Tom has a price on his head.
I don't want to lose my Berber.
They walked as far as the next town in an hour.
Let's try to clear up this misunderstanding.
I don't think Tom will be using his umbrella today.
Will you help me translate this?
Someone was in the house.
We're not really going out in this rain, are we?
I heard the children laughing.
They live in different countries.
I've learned a lot of French by watching movies in French.
He kept on reading the book.
It has been a week since they met.
The man is a policeman.
Mary didn't seem to be happy, did she?
I knew you'd understand what I meant.
Rome is not far away.
You'll be amazed.
It is difficult to find a porter who is available in this railroad station.
None of this was meant to happen.
Sami lives in my neighborhood.
Skura and Nuja were present.
If I understand correctly, I've been taken for a ride.
I thought you said you'd do that on Monday.
We had to walk home.
She should get to the school in an hour.
He has a very attractive wife.
I thought that Tom liked riddles.
I don't think Tom can do that today.
Tom didn't realize how important it was to be at the meeting.
I'm sure you'll be very comfortable there.
You sure do have a lot of money.
They call me an army whore.
I don't think Tom would mind doing that.
It is his character that makes each one his destiny.
Who plays with fire ends up burned.
I don't want to be a burden on you.
Tickets are $30, parking is free and children under ten receive free admission.
Tom's time behind bars is over.
They said they're very happy.
Please tell Tom to hurry up.
I accept the chall
Maybe we can sit at a table near the window.
Tom and I've started fighting again.
I'm going to have to get going for a bit.
I'm pretty sure that I haven't done anything I didn't have to do.
Her eyes are black as coal.
Mary claims she's telepathic.
That's all it takes sometimes.
I don't know what I want.
They're both artists.
They told the waiter they wanted sit by the window.
He had the ambition to be a great politician.
You can stay with us for the night.
I know Tom is heavy.
Sami had a daughter.
I'm praying.
I suspect Tom is nervous.
You will have to go to the dentist's tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are both crazy, aren't they?
Yanni didn't understand at first.
Tom has no perspective.
Tom doesn't know why it happened.
I'm very sure I need to do that.
We are poor, my son, and we require a girl who will bring a large portion with her. They, on their side, are rich, and expect rich suitors. However, go and persuade Chloe to induce her father not to look for a large settlement, but to let you have her as a wife.
Tom tends to get angry when people don't agree with him.
I wasn't told.
I knew that Tom was a former student of Mary's, so I asked him if he thought that she was a good teacher.
I don't remember Tom's sisters' names.
I'm little worried about Tom.
Tom and Mary said they spoke French.
He built a doghouse with his son on Sunday.
On the whole, I think your plan is a very good one.
Tom went back to the post office.
That is a strange sentence.
Tom was wrong to do that.
Tom has twenty first cousins on his mother's side, and an unknown number on his father's side.
There are two rivers in Lyon.
Tom hasn't kissed me in three months.
Tom wanted to live in a big city like Boston.
Of course Tom doesn't want to serve God and money as well.
About eighty thousand spectators packed into the stadium last night.
Do you have trouble concentrating?
I can't cough up the phlegm because it's too deep in my bronchi.
Mayumi is a healthy person. She almost never gets sick.
It's good for us to eat vegetables every day.
I knew that Tom would know how to do that.
He took over the business after her death.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you want to live?
The International Language is very useful.
When I was a child, I would often visit him on Sunday.
Everybody knows I hate Tom.
My glass is empty.
It was really considerate of you to lend me $500 when I was in difficulties.
Watch out for zombies.
The Southwest, Great Plains, and Southeast are particularly vulnerable to changes in water supply and demand. Changes in precipitation and runoff, combined with changes in consumption and withdrawal, have reduced surface and groundwater supplies in many areas. These trends are expected to continue, increasing the likelihood of water shortages for many uses.
Tom's health has deteriorated.
Tom and Mary said they were done, too.
Tom lay bleeding on the floor.
I'll need a loan.
Sami knows about Layla's lover.
The chief massed his warriors to attack the fort.
I forgot to buy mustard.
Maria was chosen from five-hundred people.
Sami was kicked out of the house.
We've all had our moments.
I know who was at Tom's office at 2.30.
Mary said that she doesn't like this color.
Tom was really hurt.
I wonder who Tom went to Boston with.
They say housework won't kill you, but why take the risk?
You'll feel nothing.
I don't think that I've ever heard you complain about the weather.
I have nothing in common with Tom so I don't know what to talk about.
You polished your shoes, didn't you?
Tom said that he isn't planning to go.
Mr. Phillips might not be a very good teacher; but a pupil so inflexibly determined on learning as Anne was could hardly escape making progress under any kind of teacher.
I don't know who Tom was with and I don't want to ask him.
Have you got three children?
I often visit my relatives.
You're in my house and you're with my daughter.
Luigi thought everything was owed to him.
Tom tried to speak to Mary, but he couldn't.
You have heard, seen, suffered, you have him; give judgment.
Tom cleaned the bathroom.
How many days does it take to do that?
Tom fell heavily and hit his head on a rock, causing life-threatening injuries.
Tom said that Mary would do that for sure.
It is an honor to meet you, miss.
The story revolves around a mysterious adventure.
I'm not much of an actor.
Peter and Carol were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation.
How much fabric do I need for a blouse like this?
I know Tom isn't a very hard worker.
Tom called while you were out.
Tom obviously wanted someone to help him.
I couldn't help him.
Discuss what is hoped they will do differently.
Tom said that Mary was likely to still be reluctant to do that.
I have difficulty in Japanese.
Can I help you with anything else?
Tom thinks that his leg is broken.
I wasn't here last week.
The noise disturbed his sleep.
Tom gave them a general idea of what he wanted.
Put handcuffs on him.
He stuck around.
She said she probably won't win.
I deleted the file by accident.
He tried to make himself comfortable.
Ribbons will be awarded.
Tom said that he'll call you later.
We want to take it.
Two children are perched on a fence.
They said that they wouldn't try to do that.
In general, everything is fine.
I hope Tom is done.
It's so beautiful.
That was completely unacceptable.
And the children of Israel ate manna forty years, till they came to a habitable land: with this meat were they fed, until they reached the borders of the land of Canaan.
Tom never told me that he wanted to go to Boston with us.
Tom had a big smirk on his face.
Sami started taking that seriously.
How much distance have we covered?
Sami pushed Layla's chair away from him.
Mary hoped Tom could help her.
He was then fresh from college.
She wasn't very assertive, was she?
I know someone who can help you.
Mary didn't like her name.
Tom as good as accepted my offer.
Tom's pleas were ignored.
It doesn't matter if there's a crowd.
Tom said it was time to go.
I know that Tom didn't know how long it was going to take to do that.
Tom clung to the hope that Mary would call again.
How many satellites does Algeria have?
He sells cars in France.
Sami and Layla were islamically married.
Mary said she isn't thirsty.
I'm lucky today.
Tom was the only one who knew the answer.
I must discuss that new plan with him.
I found it very difficult to do that.
I don't want to put you in an awkward position.
When Columbus discovered America, bison (American buffalo) inhabited a wide-ranging area.
I didn't know you wanted to do that by yourselves.
There's no difference.
He denied the facts.
She isn't going to sell her house.
This is а little different from what I want.
I doubt Tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done.
It is hard to combine business with pleasure.
We appreciate it.
Tom didn't call Mary like he promised he would.
Methyl is a functional group containing a carbon bonded to three hydrogen atoms, -CH3.
Have Tom and Mary made any progress?
He was out with his friends.
Tom said he'd never planned on staying that long.
We had a lot of fun at the zoo.
It's a bit tricky.
I don't remember my parents ever arguing with each other.
Tom didn't have very many options.
A major earthquake hit Algeria in 2003.
Tom graduated the same year that Mary graduated.
They get to do whatever they want.
Where is the wine that you like from?
The XYZ Almanacs from 1950 to 1970 were studied to discover the trend.
My present is better!
Place your bets now.
I read a couple of more chapters before I went to sleep.
Tom said that he might come to Australia next week or the week after.
The new child abuse law became final on May 1.
Their late arrival was owing to the rain.
We can't come to Boston now.
You were always a little odd.
Sami insured Layla.
I helped Tom clean up the mess.
We had plenty of snow last year.
Trust me. You don't want that.
His family was poor, and poor people did not often hear music.
I know I should've done that yesterday.
I'm pretty sure I can help you.
Mennad developed a relationship withy Baya who was a dying patient.
I need an extension cord.
Tom saw that Mary was still sleeping.
I spend a few hours almost every day studying French.
Tom is back to doing what he used to do.
Do you still go to church?
Tom said he should have done that.
Tom was injured when a large chunk of ice slid off the roof and hit him.
She turned around and saw someone was following her.
I gave that order six hours ago.
Proppants, such as sand, are added to the water to prop open the newly created cracks.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't angry.
I don't have seniority.
He makes a face.
Regardless how you look at it, he's your big brother.
Tom tried jumping over the ditch.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really did that.
I'm going to be in Boston all day.
When will the next game begin?
Sami caught the one-hundred dollar bill mid-air.
Not everyone can hear you.
We eat breakfast together.
I waited forever, and finally, John came.
Algeria is a middle-income country.
She prefers to do that on her own.
We'll go after we eat.
Tom didn't think Mary was glad that's going to happen.
Go kiss someone else.
Beer is just liquid bread, right?
Mennad likes champagne.
Show them what you can do.
He said that he would wait with her.
We got into an accident shortly before the play.
We're not going to buy anything today.
Tom is never going to figure this out.
What sports are you good at?
Tom said that he's really glad he didn't do that.
At that time, Tom was really hungry.
Tom said he's supportive.
I can't help Tom with that.
Sami sat there for another five minutes.
Tom is vice president of the Berlin Association of Beekeepers.
Tom has a large house and three cars.
I'm perfectly comfortable waiting here.
They tried their best.
His name sounds familiar.
Tom is the legal owner of this piece of land.
Mary says she doesn't enjoy doing that.
Mary blew her hair dry.
I was sleeping when my train arrived at the station, so I didn't get off.
I'd like to borrow this.
Tom pushed Mary down the staircase.
If the patient is unconscious, the family can make the decision.
She divided the bread into two pieces.
That's not what I wanted to tell you.
We had to wait for the doctor for too long; he was on an operation.
I asked them to help.
I don't remember Tom's younger brother's name.
Four legs good, two legs bad.
Thank you for your kind hospitality.
A white cloud is floating in the blue sky.
I wonder what's going to happen.
"When are we going to trim the bushes?" "Next Monday would seem obvious. I don't have anything else planned for that day."
How can I work on this all night and not get anywhere then two days after the project's cancelled I suddenly find the answers when I'm taking a shower.
They told me that they wanted to die.
I'm in the process of doing that right now.
Tom needs more money.
Mary told me that she'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
We must move quickly.
I asked around and there don't seem to be any stores around here that sell that.
My father isn't at home.
Sami was fully submerged in the water.
They said that they heard someone snoring.
He used to like Berber.
Tom said he was a new student.
Neither am I.
I'm really happy Tom was able to be here.
Sami really liked Layla's sister.
We shall go on reading this book till the end of the year.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to do that.
He plants vegetables.
He coughed.
I'll be right in there.
I definitely want to do that.
When Angela Merkel rang Barack Obama, he already knew what she was going to say.
How do you like this little bronze figure?
The question is how much.
I've explained that to her.
Tom thought that Mary knew who to turn the report in to.
Compared with Saturn's size, the rings appear paper-thin.
Tom has a criminal record.
I don't have any pets.
Tom has been sick.
I went over to where Tom and Mary were.
I would love to buy myself some sunglasses.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to stay in Boston.
I didn't think that Tom would do this.
Their daughter Chelsea was born in 1980.
Did you write to your wife when you were in the army?
Do you want to take a look at it?
It's not music.
I bid you farewell.
I thought I was following your instructions.
I begged Tom to help me.
Such is the way of the world.
Damn you.
The prevention of forest fires is everyone's responsibility.
I can teach you how to argue.
Even the best-laid plans can go bust.
Can you also speak Portuguese?
I don't know how many years Tom has been a teacher.
Mary wished she hadn't gone to the party.
Please give my kind regards to your parents.
Tom and Mary got jobs in Boston teaching French.
She excused herself for coming late.
Ken went to the park to meet Yumi.
Tom and Mary said that they're unimpressed.
Sami's drug use could eventually lead to his capture.
We like to add new members to our group.
Am I hungry!
I don't understand what you see in Tom.
A lot of things have changed.
Please put the book on the shelf.
Tom and Mary weren't home yesterday, were they?
What makes you different?
Tom will return home soon.
The airport was closed because of the fog.
Please call on me tomorrow.
He doesn't look like his mother.
How's my dad doing?
He is my brother, not father.
Tom is probably not ever going to be able to do that.
Magnetic fields are invisible.
The conversation today was about classes.
There's no time, so ready-made pack OK?
Tom was just one of the people I talked to.
The crowd moaned.
Why do you let Tom to treat you that way?
Tom might be missing Mary now.
Failure teaches success.
What you did caused me a lot of problems.
Tom had no choice but to run away.
He has just left home.
Most Japanese eat rice every day.
How do you obtain the freshest, locally grown produce in a big city? For an increasing number of urbanites, the answer is to grow it yourself.
That book is old.
I won't go to Australia anymore.
Tom and Mary are asleep, aren't they?
The war on drugs is a political war.
The pain hasn't gone away.
Tom isn't fit for the job.
You never think about the consequences of your actions or how they affect others.
My father will prepare a delicious meal for me tomorrow.
He kept me company.
That's how I learned Berber.
We were crazy about each other.
Thanks to the taxi driver, we had a very wonderful time in London.
The tornado left a trail of destruction in its wake.
As I was sleepy, I went to bed.
She blamed it on me.
I think you're in Tom's way.
Is there life in Europe?
My parents loved them.
Tom used to go swimming with us quite often, but he doesn't anymore.
Mary said the noise didn't bother her.
Tom should've been offended.
Tom did some work for our company a few years ago.
Tom is doing it out of spite.
Mary calculated her expenses.
The monk works at a temple.
Do not make any modifications before you get confirmations.
It's all right!
Don't you guys hang out?
Prepare yourselves, for the end is near.
Stop pinching me.
Mennad does not like talking about suicide.
How much does your Swiss watch cost?
I'm the one who wanted Tom to do that.
Tom cursed.
He boiled over with rage.
Tom speaks strangely.
Tom wasn't cautious.
Every boy here has a girlfriend.
How much more time do I have?
I live next to him.
I know that Tom isn't a very good lawyer.
In that country there once lived a wise king.
I didn't get anything for my birthday.
That was the last time I ever saw Tom smile.
How long is that going to take?
I'm sure Tom wouldn't do that either.
Do Tom and Mary still have a car?
Let's give her a hand.
We probably won't need to do that again.
Tom has told me to do that many times.
I know how Tom used to be.
Look, there's your cap on the table!
Didn't you know that Tom and I often travel together?
Tom said he expected Mary to solve the problem.
Give him a drink.
Tom likes to wear yellow high top sneakers.
Perhaps I will be a doctor and if yes I will help cure sick people.
We know that Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom said he was hoping that you'd win.
How many times a month do you visit your grandparents?
I can't blame you for being angry.
My Ministers will work to implement new regimes for fisheries, agriculture and trade, seizing the opportunities that arise from leaving the European Union.
I didn't know Tom was going to be in Boston last week.
Tom is traditional, isn't he?
He said he had no reason to stay.
Tom didn't have enough time to eat lunch.
He loves her, but she doesn't like him.
If you only have the B antigen, your blood is type B.
I didn't do a thing.
I was relieved when I heard the message.
Tom died while trying to repair Mary's microwave because he touched the huge capacitor with a screwdriver.
I am very sorry that I have to ask you to change the meeting date to March 6 due to personal reasons.
Please go now.
It's a pity that Mary has no sense of humor.
I met this guy in one of my college classes and we became friends.
Tom said he wouldn't want to do that again.
I'll tell you what I know.
How many times did it happen?
"Where have they been for work?" "In Africa."
I have rarely been to Algeria.
This possibility cannot be ruled out.
Tom felt like a caged animal.
You're the one who suggested that we do that together, aren't you?
I'll give you this pair of boots if you want them.
You will need a key.
They labored like slaves.
What is argumentation?
Thank you for the beautiful roses.
You were right about dead food in boxes and cans.
Laurie knows how to swim.
Tom and Mary told me they did that already.
May I ask why you want to do that?
Are you sure, Tom?
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing.
The Holy Roman Empire ceased to exist in 1806.
Food's ready!
I want to buy Tom a present.
They were bullied by their classmates.
Have you already done your homework?
That woman's very beautiful.
They did it as quickly as they could.
I like when my friends translate my sentences.
Tom and Mary rode their bicycles to work.
Tom has been studying journalism.
That didn't change anything.
Always obey your father.
A hint from you is enough.
Mary said she should've done that by herself.
Isn't that what you want?
Does Tom still think that's all he has to do?
I think that Tom is Mary's son.
The end of the era of petroleum is in sight.
You're a funny man.
Don't feed the animals.
Put the box here.
Israeli Arabs are discriminated against.
I like when you kiss me on the lips. No, on the cheek.
I can't feel my legs.
A smart news consumer is always aware of this discrepancy between traditional media and social media.
Mary is very impressed.
I think what Tom did was intentional.
I thought that you said you lived in Australia.
Where are Tom and Mary when you need them?
She'll go whether he does or not.
Tom insisted on coming to see you.
Tom stuck out like a sore thumb.
Doors open at 2:30 p.m.
Come on Tuesday if you can.
I went to the cinema, but I didn't enjoy the film much.
When I was fifteen years old, I could speak five languages.
I thought I'd prefer going by myself.
He was born in the land of the mafia.
She told us that the road was closed.
Tom wanted to wait for the next bus.
When he gets up on stage to sing one of his out-of-tune solos, I get so nervous for him that I get sweaty palms.
I lied when I said I didn't like Tom.
I know that Tom is afraid to try to do that.
Tom and Mary said you were meeting them for lunch.
Nail polish remover stinks a lot.
He was often late for school.
Maria is afraid of getting pregnant.
And Noah, when he was five hundred years old, begot Sem, Cham, and Japheth.
If cats could talk, what would they say?
Tom is our new colleague.
Don't irritate anyone.
How do you put up with all the noise?
Where did you go last Monday?
Algeria's head of state Abdelkader Bensalah called for new presidential elections.
Tom was the first guy I ever kissed.
I know that Tom is a dedicated family man.
Nothing beats a good laugh.
Tell me what'll happen.
All the students here must study French.
Where the chimney smokes, the meal is being cooked.
Does that tell you something?
Tom repaired his bicycle.
I have been working in Algeria for a long time.
Tom slid the ring on Mary's finger.
You have to be active.
Is everyone here?
Sami decided to teach Layla a lesson.
What kind of beer do you have?
Do you want to study in Australia?
I am young.
When I was a kid, I thought that if I died the world would just disappear. What a childish delusion! I just couldn't accept that the world could continue to exist without me.
Because he comes from a poor family, little Tom may have to go without boots this winter.
Tom plans to major in biology.
Tom was completely humiliated.
Tom admitted he was scared.
These aren't Tom's books.
The Constitution was proclaimed during the dictatorship.
The line is busy now. Please hold the line.
I have a splinter in the palm of my hand.
I think telling lies is wrong.
Tom says he isn't planning to do that again.
I don't exercise.
I'll send you some medicine to give to her so she can sleep. She needs the rest.
Am I right in saying that, like me, you study Spanish?
You're not angry anymore, are you?
You did well.
Now it's time to make amends.
Tom opened his notebook.
Tom doesn't take anything for granted anymore.
Don't cry. Everything's going to be OK.
One can get accustomed to anything.
Mary knows that she's being watched.
Mennad went snowboarding.
Sami's room was the only one that had an attic access.
No one knows what'll happen next.
Tom got rid of a lot of his old pictures.
Tom has recently put on weight.
It would be very sensible to do that.
Tom hurt his knee when he fell.
Tom pulled Mary out of the quicksand.
Tom still doesn't eat meat.
Does Tom still want to go to the zoo with us?
You didn't seem to enjoy doing that.
He's totally dependent on his parents.
I need to stay in Australia.
I'll go with you if you like.
Is the chicken local?
They asked if they could speak French.
Sami posted a photo of himself.
Japan and the United States became friendly nations.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll ever do that.
Tom told me that he likes swimming.
I ate lunch with Tom.
The day before yesterday we went to the opera, and yesterday we went to the ballet.
I really think we should talk.
She never told me her name.
I will eat an apple.
Has anyone told you what's going on?
Are those new shoes?
Do you have anyone on your staff who can speak French?
I arrived here just now.
They said they could help us do that.
Who did you end up doing that with?
He runs a tour company in Algeria.
Have you already filled the form in?
I thought for a second that Tom was going to faint.
Bill is equal to the task of running the firm.
I'm sorry, I didn't explain properly.
Mennad was overpaid.
Your hair will grow back.
The place looked big enough.
Why are you so happy all the time?
She's paid her dues working there for years.
Tom didn't actually cry.
This airplane from the 1940's still flies.
I'm really happy that that happened.
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes.
She watched over her mother all night.
Have you had any successes recently?
Islam is the religion of Muslims.
Can you translate these documents for me?
I'm not telling you.
Tom jogs every morning.
The Germans had strong defenses.
Keep that up and you'll find yourself going back home.
I can't remember the last time I've seen you so excited about something.
Tom was furious.
If I had a lot of money, I would travel around the world.
I think you've made the wrong decision.
Didn't Tom break his ankle?
Think before you act!
She thinks she's stronger than I am.
Might I express my opinion?
He has a good sense of humor.
He certainly appeared to be enjoying himself.
She's a drag king.
Algeria owns many oil and gas refineries.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why you want them to do that.
That was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
Sami shot Layla unintentionally.
I knew Tom knew who did that for Mary.
I know that Tom was amused by what was going on.
Is a pound of feathers lighter than a pound of lead?
That's freaky.
It's not at all difficult to do that.
Gradual changes take place in our city every year.
The hunter was skinning the deer.
He could get the information by reading the letter.
What did you do with the camera?
How many humps do camels have on their backs?
Tom will likely be OK.
The court declared him innocent on the charge of murder.
Tom has a daughter.
Sami kept messaging Layla all the time.
I know what he's thinking.
A storm in a tea-cup.
A new serial will begin in next month's issue.
Tom is a bit eccentric.
Is that your package?
He said he was looking for her.
We didn't think that was going to happen.
The facts are on our side.
And Noemi taking the child, laid it in her bosom, and she carried it, and was a nurse unto it.
I really miss him.
AOL merged with Time Warner.
Sami doesn't have a cat.
They said they thought I was witty.
I found that really difficult.
Hawking went back to his studies.
I can make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom is last on the list.
You don't think it's worth it, do you?
Why I can't do that now?
Tom got a job as a waiter at a restaurant near his house.
When I converted to Islam, my parents forbade me to talk to my little brothers.
Mary said she felt sick.
Go without me.
Tom thought I ought to do that.
You're a pretty smart kid, aren't you?
Tom is out shopping.
I wouldn't do that for Tom.
I tried to persuade Tom to join us.
Tom says he thinks it might be impossible to do that.
Are you up there?
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Many students struggle with anxiety.
I assure you I didn't intend to deceive you.
Does Tom remember anything?
It's a little cold.
And conceiving again, she bore a son, and called him Onan.
Tom got pretty drunk.
Tom and Mary couldn't help John do that.
Sami asked Layla why she was up so late.
I can't stand his behavior anymore.
Sami filled the paperwork out.
I think you know that that's not a good idea.
Perhaps Tom will do that for you.
Are you ever going to tell me what happened that night?
The next time you'll come with me.
Bids were solicited for the building of the bridge.
We've got to take some action.
Tell them I'll come back.
I'm going to have a quick smoke.
Mennad knew that something was up.
I didn't see you.
I didn't really have a choice.
Where did Tom see that happening?
I don't do that very often anymore.
Can you give me a ride home?
Everybody can hear him talk.
This continues to be maddening.
Both Tom and Mary are dog owners.
For our children to be safe, please do not enter adult sites.
I will call back a bit later.
Tom would have done that if Mary hadn't done it for him yesterday.
I really like garlic.
I was fascinated by her performance.
She told me that he loved me.
He got defensive.
Tom should have come.
The boys started fighting.
When she was at university, Yuriko abandoned herself to sexual passion.
Every miller draws water to his own mill.
Sami was a sophomore in high school.
Fadil found a toy car in his backyard.
I told you it wouldn't take too long.
I don't think Mary knows what she's gotten herself into.
Did you speak to him?
I am fond of Australian food.
Hand sanitizer is one of the products Americans have been stockpiling during the coronavirus outbreak.
You should visit Kyoto.
I don't need a wheelchair.
I could barely move.
Sami just went to the bathroom.
Tom said that he loved me in French.
I'm always under stress.
I'm a compulsive procrastinator.
I never had a crush on any of my teachers.
I said, "Five months worth of the Pill, please," and was told "Certainly."
Enter.
This Kabyle dress is gorgeous.
When does the exam start?
That would calm people's agitation in Algeria.
He was weary.
What if my parents find out?
I know who to trust and who not to trust.
She was afraid to swim.
This could be a trap.
I wonder whether Tom is doing what he's supposed to be doing.
Tom told me you were pretty good at tennis.
This will be happening today.
The Nazis couldn't have carried out the Holocaust without the assistance of other far-right nationalist groups in Eastern Europe.
Tom usually eats lunch alone.
Some parents don't punish their children when they lie.
Tom didn't seem to be as courageous as Mary seemed to be.
Why didn't you call and let me know that you were going to be late?
Tom knows Mary is bluffing.
You know, don't you?
Tom and Mary are right and John is wrong.
Police connected Sami to the murder.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John that they wanted his help.
Where are the eggs?
Mary has refused to do what we've asked her to do.
When does Tom plan to eat?
I'm really going to enjoy myself.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary speak French.
It can only be her.
Tom said that Mary should go.
Mary has almost made up her mind.
I'd like to know the exact exchange rate for yen.
She said that she likes the idea.
Tom said he's planning to stay at home all day.
Tom said that the workshop had been very interesting.
So what happened to you anyway?
He admits he's left early.
She watched the grass turn green.
Tom wasn't there.
Tom quickly realized he wasn't going to be able to do that.
That still doesn't make me happy.
Tom probably hasn't seen this movie yet.
"What time is it?" "Pardon me?" "Are you deaf? What time is it?" "You spoilt brat, who do you think you're talking to? Leave this classroom immediately."
Sami was interviewed six days after Layla's death.
They provide value for money.
The frightened boy's heart palpitated with terror.
Do Tom and Mary know I'm here?
You thieving bastard!
I'm afraid I won't have the time.
Sami was having an affair with his boss's wife.
I don't remember where I heard that.
Mary got her tongue pierced.
His eyes made it seem like he wanted to murder me.
Let's step inside.
I don't like the way you laugh at her.
The result was a disappointment.
Mary was a little anxious.
My sisters will be teachers like our mother.
Sami was working alone in a coffee stand.
What happened to my new cap?
I thought that you might need it.
Tom picked the stuff up off the floor.
I have been thinking about doing this for a very long time.
Tom said he wanted to buy an alarm clock.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was here.
Mennad was sitting down.
Mary likes her job.
I should've helped Tom move the couch.
It's probably a good thing that Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
Tom should be through eating by now.
Put all the money down.
They never forgave themselves.
I haven't yet filed a formal complaint.
I think we've been here too long.
Tom never listens to what others say.
Tom isn't willing to do that anymore.
He is not an open book.
I'll come right over.
Having paved roads would improve our livelihood, because it would give us better access to the market to sell our local products.
Robert Schumann was a German composer and pianist.
Tom, I have something to show you.
There's no need to worry about accuracy this time; just eyeball it.
"Hello, is this an anime channel?" "Yes." "How do I patch KDE2 under FreeBSD?"
Tom has several tattoos.
You have changed.
Comets start to disintegrate as they approach the sun, and that disintegrating material may or may not form a "tail" that helps make the object more visible.
I think we got it.
The ship was on fire.
He said he'd do that if I did.
I didn't notice any change.
I'm sorry that I came to Australia.
Tom and Mary were astonished.
Tom writes beautifully.
Tom refused to answer any of my questions.
It's no use talking to her.
I just hope Tom doesn't know that.
I've already bought everything I need to buy.
It seems strange that they feel so angry.
I don't think I'm introverted.
Tom said he's not sure whether Mary has to do that.
Sami looked at me in my eyes.
Observe the speed limits!
Mary is a big shot in Hollywood.
May I have another brochure?
Sami lived in a huge mansion.
Tom said that Mary is pleased.
Tom is in his third year, isn't he?
Sami couldn't recognize me.
You're sloshed.
That's not sure.
Let's go and ask them.
Stop there.
I don't think Tom was busy today.
They said that these books were stolen from a library.
They walked along the road together until they reached the village, but then their paths diverged.
Mary studied French after dinner while her mother washed dishes.
Have you ever attended one of Tom's conferences?
For delayed flights, seasonal adjustments are made on the basis of the original flight date and so refunds of air-mile difference will not be made.
What a terrible waste!
Tom said that'll likely happen soon.
It is not good to break a promise.
I saw Tom smoking behind the school building.
He is beautiful like a god!
His reading is of a wide range.
Tom nodded yes.
I was supposed to do a course on how to avoid procrastination, but I kept putting it off.
A dish can be spicy without being hot.
Does Tom eat pork?
I couldn't kill Tom.
Tom's concert was much better than I expected.
Did you ask him why?
He is really a nitpicker.
No problem. Come again soon.
As long as we live, we have to work.
I would never sing it.
Happy is he who was able to learn the causes of things.
He's at home with his children.
Mary's measurements are 36-24-36.
Now I'm here with you.
I've attained a native speaker's fluency in English but girls don't put out for me anyway.
I hope Tom and Mary know who has to do that.
Insects have a hard skin.
And he turned himself away, and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to it this time also.
Tom doesn't know Mary has to do that.
Tom's parents let Tom stay out late at night.
In this story, the hero is also the villain.
Thank you, Tom, but I'm okay now.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them where the party was going to be.
Mary poisoned herself.
I got home by myself.
Tom might be desperate to do that.
One for all, all for one.
This car is pretty expensive.
Does this have anything to do with me?
It feels right.
I told Tom why I'd been in the hospital.
Tom and Mary know each other so well that they can finish each other's thoughts.
She's able to do that by herself.
Would doing that be worthwhile?
John sat with arms crossed.
I had no idea Tom was going to be here.
Sami was driving a motorcycle.
Mary admitted what she said was wrong.
Tom and Mary won't find anyone who'll help them do that.
Tom said Mary was likely to be back soon.
Let's meet him at the station.
Those under arrest were waiting to be questioned.
Tom thinks that Mary is likely at the beach.
I study math harder than you do.
He made this bookcase by himself.
Tom and Mary said they were looking for a guy wearing a hat.
I can bring it.
Can you speak slowly?
Tom didn't have a good time at the party.
I'll take you all to Boston.
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
Please make coffee.
Tom has it now.
Do you think Tom is going to help us?
Mary told Tom that she thought Alice wasn't cute.
I need you to check on something.
It is not socially acceptable to point at people.
Tom seemed to be expecting Mary's help.
Tom knows that Mary is with John.
I'll open some more wine.
Tom might not have enough money to buy everything he wants.
She said she'd try to win.
I wonder if that could happen again.
I wasn't as reluctant to do that as Tom seemed to be.
Mary's parents got divorced when she was thirteen years old.
Can't you both just leave me alone?
I should've paid more attention in French class.
Mennad was emotional.
I don't think Tom knows why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I'm starting to agree with you.
Since her husband doesn't respect her, she asked him for divorce.
Koreans don't like eating cilantro.
My wife deliberated whether we would buy a new house or not.
Can I take a bite?
I think that I've accomplished a lot of that.
I'm friends with him.
She will come back from school by six o'clock.
I don't think you understand what's happening.
Tom wouldn't go out with Mary.
I wonder if I should warn her.
Never speak to me again.
She says she's feeling better now.
I didn't understand what Tom wanted.
What are you getting out of this?
She has her father's nose.
I wish you'd let me use your car.
Sami knew what to do with this.
I know that Tom is pleased.
Tom stopped knocking on the door as soon as he realized that Mary wasn't home.
Were you looking for me?
I like beef, pork and chicken.
Well, you'd better hurry.
Tom and Mary weren't much help.
Most of you must have heard of Algeria.
It was flat.
You won't regret hiring her.
I don't even know why I'm here.
Lift up your hands in the air.
I think that it's highly unlikely Tom will get custody of the kids.
How long can we go without food?
They don't respect me.
Have you woken up?
I didn't know that you were coming to visit.
Sami was later sentenced to death.
He's a hypocrite.
What day is tomorrow?
You ought to let Tom know you'll probably do that.
Tom definitely wants to do that by himself.
We are an art portal where writers, illustrators, poets, musicians coexist. They explore every Latin American territory and every writing style known.
It would be depressing if this country were to become linguistically homogeneous.
How long will Tom be staying?
Tom should've been asleep.
I'll go ahead.
I'm sorry I bit you.
He almost died.
I'm taking the minivan.
Tom doesn't like swimming, but Mary does.
I have no idea what has to be done.
I got her to clean my room.
She made it clear that she didn't want anything to do with him.
They said they hope you can do that.
Kim is older than I am by four years.
He came inside the mosque.
Tom and Mary didn't know where they should go.
Thanks for existing.
Children need a lot of sleep.
How do you plan on telling Tom that?
Tom is wearing a biohazard suit.
His teeth are nice.
I don't think that Tom knows whether it's true or not.
You won't hang your coat behind the door.
Tom never even tried to win.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John would really want to do that.
She didn't tell me where she lived.
Your dog is heckin' fast.
I tried to keep Tom from doing that.
You seem to attract that type!
Have they made progress?
Fadil sent his children to a Catholic school.
Tom and Mary got their first chance to do that this morning.
The graphical user interface is buggy and difficult to use.
Money is the root of all evil.
My house is on Park Street.
You seemed surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't want to do that.
He even called me "ugly".
I queue in front of the grocery store.
I don't think Mary has her phone on her.
I don't like it when Tom leaves his dirty clothes on the floor.
I guess I'd rather go to Boston than Chicago.
We changed the color of our house from tan to blue.
Something was happening.
I can sing a few French songs.
I could stop Tom from doing that if I wanted to.
This button is loose.
If you really love me, you would do what I ask from you.
Now it would be better to keep a sharp lookout for what he might do.
I think that'd be a good direction to look in.
He went to college.
There is no "global existential war" between Islam and the West.
The cat drinks milk.
Mary said she didn't feel well.
He was living in London when the war broke out.
Let's wait till Tom wakes up.
Tom escaped from a state penitentiary.
I thought that that was really weird.
Several guys were hanging around in front of the bar.
I was afraid I might get expelled.
Mennad closed his eyes.
I cannot lift him.
Can you tell me what you're doing?
Let me go tell Tom that you're here.
I suspect that Tom is tired of doing that.
I don't think Tom's answer is wrong.
Tom might know why Mary did that.
Tom wants to go back to Australia.
I think that Tom has been doing that.
We would often discuss our future.
You can put this car to use as you like.
We were disappointed with the result.
Tom said that I looked startled.
The budget cuts are bound to cause some friction in the department.
He never went to Algiers.
Only our close relatives were invited to our wedding.
He pretended to be sleeping.
I cannot live without mayonnaise.
My mother has a kip every afternoon.
You make me do this.
Tom says he isn't going to do that.
Are you sure this is the right train?
I'm sorry for the trouble.
Tom handled it.
Tom says I'm a grouch.
Never trust a stranger.
I'd be depressed if that happened again.
When did you work in Boston?
It's revolting.
She was a charming woman.
Everybody probably thinks I'm crazy.
I should've recognized Tom.
They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.
Are you accusing me of something?
He read four books on Berber linguistics.
Tom and Mary said that they left their keys at home.
Tom and Mary said that they plan to do that Monday.
Sami sent Layla messages.
Don't you always sleep like a log yourself? I can understand your feelings of wanting them to enjoy their meal but don't be in such a rush.
He cut himself free with his knife.
Can you describe his appearance?
Tom heard a couple of people talking in the next room.
Where have you put all the spoons?
It's dangerous to play in the street!
Tom thinks his job is pointless.
It was very unusual.
Do you live in Portugal or in Brazil?
I felt a burning sensation all over.
Tom loves French.
I watched your videos several times, and now I speak English very well.
It seems like bubble gum.
I've never felt so helpless.
On our first date he popped out his cell phone and started texting someone. I couldn't believe it!
How's the weather in Iran?
What did you say?
Did you drink a lot?
We had to do what they said.
I didn't think you needed to do that.
Tom eats breakfast every morning.
I want to share a secret with you.
I don't speak French as well as I want to.
The used car salesman seemed a bit dodgy to me.
He isn't winning.
These toys are very popular.
He regretted having quit his job.
He didn't give up on his plan.
Without your advice, I would have been at a loss.
Sami waited in the van for what seemed to be an eternity.
I went to Boston by car.
Tom can't have gone very far.
He came here a long time ago.
I could do with some help.
Start preparing your suitcase.
He acquired French quickly.
He compared the imitation with the original.
Sami was hanging over like a vulture hangs over a dead carcass.
He shall be scolded.
I need to explain this.
There were no window seats left.
No one's going to help you.
Mary said that she's been working out.
They did everything they could to help.
He converted from atheism to Islam.
Lychees are one of my favourite fruits.
It was clear that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary to do that.
Are these your horses?
Tom and Mary thought that they could do that again.
Islam and Christianity are very similar.
What a lonely world it will be with you away!
I never worked with Tom.
Some retailers charge less.
Tom came to Australia to visit Mary.
We have to obey the rules.
Tom isn't weak.
Where did she say this came from?
It wasn't found.
I know that Tom could do that if he tried.
I can't fly.
The children served their mother breakfast in bed.
I have never been kissed like that.
I will save you the trouble.
Tom did some shopping at the mall.
My summer vacation is at an end.
That, too, is a point.
Tom said that Mary was there.
Mary told me she'd do that again.
I have a phone, but I don't use it much.
I play football almost every day.
Mary didn't seem very happy, did she?
It happened that her husband was a dentist.
It was a very dark night.
I've seen a lot of strange things in my life.
Are you open now?
Tom didn't tell Mary what he wants to buy.
Sami sent Layla a gift card.
You look rather tired.
She told me that she'd won.
I came home empty handed.
I do not read.
Everyone else is drinking beer.
Tom thought that Mary might refuse to do that.
My mother does her usual shopping on her way home from work.
I think that Tom is kissing Mary now.
We haven't yet dealt with that problem.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Sami is very proudn of who he is.
Sami never found anything.
I never spoke to Tom after that.
I'm sure I calculated the bill correctly.
It's nice to be alone for a change.
Patience, Mary, patience...
It's phenomenal.
I've finally learned how to do that.
Layla moved toward Sami.
Pluto has impressive landscapes.
I don't have time for games.
I don't know how he received the news, but he certainly wasn't happy about it.
Tom said he didn't care what happened.
Help me find my son.
Tom has psychic ability.
He can do that for her.
I'm a normal girl. I don't have any superpowers.
She advised him to save money.
Ken mistook you for me.
I wish I could speak English half as well as he.
Who was Tom killed by?
I'm sorry, I forgot my homework.
He did run.
I must admit that Tom is strong.
I know Tom better than he knows himself.
Can you take this letter and drop it in the mailbox?
Sami communicated with the dead.
I thought that you weren't going to do this again.
That house is for rent.
She drank a glass of milk.
One by one the boys went out of the room.
She has a nice voice.
Tom and I are almost finished.
My wish is to become a teacher.
I am shaving off my beard.
Tom found out Mary couldn't read.
Tom said that he'd do anything for Mary.
Tom said that he knew the area well.
Properly listen to what I'm going to say.
I saw you and Tom earlier.
This is Kabyle couscous.
I know this song.
She made a point of complaining.
Tom acted like a perfect gentleman.
He has an air of mystery about him.
Tom took a selfie with his phone.
Sometimes, doing the wrong thing is the right thing.
The church roof is leaking.
I lost my points.
She fed them with hamburgers.
A circle is always round.
I want to know what time you plan to do that.
It's very important to drink enough water.
The volcano erupted suddenly, killing many people.
What makes you laugh like that?
What time was it when you last saw Tom?
Maybe Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to park there.
I love listening to you talk.
I thought Tom had convinced Mary not to buy that.
You have to wake up early tomorrow morning.
Tom expects Mary to eat dinner with him.
He's a top performer.
Those people contributed greatly to world peace.
Tom says that's the stupidest thing he ever saw.
Mennad had recurrent thoughts of suicide.
Tom was very compassionate.
Tom wanted to become famous.
He's my Mr. Right.
Does anyone remember that?
I'll know not to do that that way next time.
Tom doesn't have a place to live.
Do Tom and Mary go to Boston often?
Sami woke up to the barking of Layla's dog.
Many have long suffered oppression and hardship under colonialism.
I don't think Tom will be impressed by what Mary did.
I really enjoyed your talk about Islam.
I'm able to do that as well.
I've always loved languages.
Mary said she thought we might have a problem.
Have you read this article?
Tom told me that he was married.
This can no longer be used.
What has Tom said?
Tom says he loves Mary; in reality, however, he is only after her money.
"I hate you." "I hate you the most."
Tom and Mary walked through the garden.
I get exhausted after running for less than a minute.
They kissed under the moonlight.
Let's have a talk over a couple of drinks.
Does he own property in Kabylie, Algeria?
How much money do you estimate will be needed to do that?
Has anybody spoken with Tom?
A lot of work can be avoided.
Mary said that she had no money.
I can pick out only two or three constellations in the night sky.
I'll be leaving tomorrow.
Tom is being tried for murder.
Both Tom and Mary are studying French.
My dream is to study Tibetan in Lhasa.
I'm not good at tennis.
Come and help us.
Today I'm paying.
The giraffe can go up to three days without drinking.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was disappointed.
The compromise was accepted.
Let's start with what we do know.
She had twins.
They became silent.
Tom is planning to major in zoology.
I'm the one who's hungry.
I saw a lady walking three dogs.
This child's mother is an announcer.
I can try to persuade her to go, but I can't coerce her.
He cut his finger yesterday.
Schoolwork, cultural work and academic work should all be promoted together.
She completed her painting.
"What are you doing?" "I'm making couscous."
I assumed that Tom was a Canadian.
I don't know when Tom called, but it was either yesterday or the day before.
Tom and Mary are good friends of mine.
They were born in Tacuarembó.
He said he didn't feel like going.
Don't make us angry.
Tom isn't a celebrity.
Who will weep when I die?
Both of them worked hard so that they could pass the entrance examination.
Dominos is my favorite game.
Sally's favourite sexual fantasy involves her joining a sex cult.
Tom took the precious stone to an appraiser to have it examined.
Seoul is the capital of South Korea.
In his book, Huygens described Saturn as being "surrounded by a thin flat ring."
I like sausages.
Tom was wearing a leather jacket.
The building collapsed three years ago.
That's so wild.
I'm afraid that I can't allow you to do that.
I think that Tom can do that better than Mary.
Do Tom and Mary know you're going to do that?
I admire his work ethic.
The spaghetti Tom made was delicious.
Tom isn't capable of doing it.
Yesterday was Wednesday, and tomorrow will be Friday.
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
You're coming with us now.
We have no way of getting home.
It's a pity I didn't buy one of those when I had the chance.
Mary is very worried, isn't she?
Sometimes those photos are not very good.
I don't really want to talk to you at the moment.
Tom used to be organized.
Nobody called Mary.
Tom is always so cheerful.
It's relatively easy to spread misinformation, but it's also easy to prevent.
I'll discuss it with her.
Tom is an architect.
Tom won't likely go to Boston.
There is an athletic meet soon.
I'd really like to know you someday.
And there we were: the best of any house.
He plays tennis as often as he can.
Chinese is a tonal language.
No speculation has taken place concerning the motives.
Does it contain gluten?
The color is spectacular.
The boy is a credit to our school.
I didn't know it was possible to borrow that much money.
You don't seem convinced that you should do that.
Tom is going to be here in fifteen minutes.
Which one of these is your favorite dress?
Mary asked me if I agreed with her.
When I was in high school, I woke up at 6 every morning.
Tom wasn't high.
You think you can toy with me, but I don't play games.
We aren't permitted to do that.
He was absorbed in a computer game.
She expressed her gratitude to all those who had supported her.
I didn't learn much.
Once the mixture is poured, put it in the freezer and wait for it to harden somewhat, then stir every 30 minutes until done.
Do you think we can get there in time?
She got really sad because of what he said.
I told her I wanted to go to Boston.
Tom and I make decisions together.
He felt ill at ease in the new surroundings.
I think you should tell Tom and Mary why you don't like them.
Supporters fought with each other after the football match.
Tom rents a house with three bedrooms.
Tom is in Mary's office.
I don't think that we'll do that by ourselves.
The man's eyes were fixed upon the northern horizon.
She loves Tom, not me.
I don't deserve to be so happy.
Are you going to stay here in the hotel?
Tom and Mary admit they were skeptical at first.
Who knows their way round this house better than she does?
As a small child, we moved to Kabylie.
Drink this. It'll make you feel better.
I'm looking towards the future.
He was on TV.
I'll drink to that.
He drew his lips to hers.
The jury found Tom guilty of murder.
Tom and Mary said they'd been cooperative.
Do you think Tom might be drunk?
An eye for an eye.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary went to Australia.
Tom isn't as reckless as he used to be.
Are you all ready?
Tom warned me not to do it again.
Does he have to write the letter today?
I am highly intelligent.
She ran as quickly as she could.
Mary hardly ever keeps her word.
This problem is only of secondary importance.
What's the plan, then?
Tom looked good today.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad they didn't do that.
He said, "You are blessed by the Lord, my daughter. You have shown more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning, because you didn’t follow young men, whether poor or rich. Now, my daughter, don’t be afraid. I will do to you all that you say; for all the city of my people knows that you are a worthy woman. Now it is true that I am a near kinsman. However, there is a kinsman nearer than I. Stay this night, and in the morning, if he will perform for you the part of a kinsman, good. Let him do the kinsman's duty. But if he will not do the duty of a kinsman for you, then I will do the duty of a kinsman for you, as the Lord lives. Lie down until the morning."
Our life is at stake.
That was an awful day.
Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mountain; and when he, with his brethren, had overtaken him, he pitched his tent in the same mount of Galaad.
We've been waiting for you, Tom.
I doubt Tom is still married.
Tom wasn't ever very good at speaking French.
I felt dirty and ashamed.
Tom and Mary aren't here right now.
I must be losing my touch.
Tom knew that Mary cared.
She is my father's mother. She is my paternal grandmother.
I could never replace them.
My son is apt to be absent from school.
He was elected chairman of the caucus in 2002.
You never asked why.
"May I borrow this pen?" "Sure, go ahead."
I want you to follow them.
I inherited all the land that my father owned.
Hate the Algerian authority.
He's a fat man.
What are Tom and Mary going to do now?
Tom says that he wants to go to Australia with us.
I wish that that had happened.
Tom seems to have lost consciousness.
It was 30% off during the sale.
All of my children were born in Boston.
I thought maybe we could do that together later.
Kneel down.
Tom won't give Mary money.
Tom has come to Boston.
She's happy with her new job.
I don't think Tom really has time to help you this morning.
Tom ran outside.
Although he was wrong, he didn't say he was sorry.
I think Tom would be discouraged.
I needed protection.
This is something else.
Sami still went to school.
Tom and Mary told me that they were full.
Tom should be punished for what he did.
She went to bed, having set the alarm for seven.
I love the sound of his name.
We have an obligation to do that.
The barn's roof collapsed.
Tom didn't go to the party.
Tom was all choked up about it.
Do you think that I have a chance?
Mary has something in her hand.
San Marino is the capital of San Marino.
He lived just down the street from her.
He infected himself with AIDS.
Mary is very happy with her new life.
The contents of the four registers are preserved by the called subroutine.
He who doesn't know foreign languages, doesn't know his own.
It's high time for bed.
Tom went grocery shopping on an empty stomach and bought much more than he had intended.
The older a town is, the more garbage it produces.
I have to think about it. I'll try to find another wording.
Do you want a glass of milk?
"Then I will be all yours," said the little white rabbit.
How much should they get?
How did you arrive? - By foot.
Sami received his check.
Tom took off his jacket and handed it to Mary.
Dan's throat was cut almost from ear to ear.
Tom is going to tell Mary.
Tom refused at first.
Are you deaf or mute?
I know Tom likes living here.
Here's your milk.
How did you get here ahead of us?
I'll pay you tomorrow.
You haven't told me anything I didn't already know.
His suspicions being aroused, the sergeant followed the man, and with the aid of Constable Pollack succeeded, after a most desperate resistance, in arresting him.
What's that snake called?
Let's find out more about her.
I don't remember that guy's name.
We eat so as to live.
Tom didn't seem serious.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom about what you did.
She asked if anybody knew anything about him.
You know why I need to do that, don't you?
If I go to the party, I'll take some bottles of wine.
She's getting married next month.
I'm just going to assume Tom will be here.
Tom had other things he wanted to buy.
Why didn't you tell me you didn't like chocolate?
How do you say "blog" in Latin?
We'll eventually find a solution to this problem, I think.
That's exactly what we need.
We can't count on Tom to win.
This dish is more delicious than that one.
I have a lot of learning to do.
Where can I get on the airplane?
Tom seemed better.
That bus will take you to the zoo.
Everybody knew Tom was in Boston.
The bellows are not working.
"Dost thou for this, dear mother, me through fire / and foeman safely to my home restore; / to see Creusa, and my son and sire / each foully butchered in the other's gore, / and Danaans dealing slaughter at the door?"
Children always want to become adults.
To tell you the truth, I'm not sure what to do.
Tom is not much older than Mary's daughter.
I can walk there in about thirty minutes.
I'm enjoying the chall
I wanted Tom to buy some food for me.
It doesn't matter how much you keep saying this is your house, please stop walking around naked.
I wouldn't bet against Tom.
Tom swam across the river.
It is not until we lose our health that we recognise its blessing.
He said that he felt neglected.
She's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano somewhat.
Nobody could tell me why that happened.
You shouldn't have said what you said.
Stay right here, OK?
Is it necessary for Tom to go there by himself?
We reached the top of the mountain.
I just remembered a joke.
I pride myself on my ability to think outside the box.
Do you need it now?
She must be waiting for him.
He has worked in the embassy for three months.
We Americans claim to be a peace-loving people. We hate bloodshed; we are opposed to violence. Yet we go into spasms of joy over the possibility of projecting dynamite bombs from flying machines upon helpless citizens.
I've already tried three different ways.
I don't understand why Tom had to do that.
Don't forget to lock the door when leaving.
Tom says he knows why you didn't win.
I wonder if there would be so many Japanese translations on this site if it were called "Por Ejemplo."
I wonder whether Tom wants that job or not.
I know Tom is overconfident.
I can get them to help you.
To hear is to obey.
If Tom doesn't eat this, please give it to Mary.
Mary said she'd likely buy some things at the flea market.
She has a lot of friends here.
Is eating raw pumpkin safe?
I used to live there.
Tom will be on the first flight to Boston tomorrow morning.
I felt neglected.
She was supposed to be here by noon.
I usually go to the cinema with my friends.
I'm in a desperate situation.
Tom came at once.
Algiers is a magnificent city.
The lions cornered the giraffe and attacked it.
I think I'm a good manager.
This may be because of a change in people's attitude toward marriage and the sharp increase of fast food restaurants and convenience stores which are open 24 hours a day and enable young people to live more easily.
I don't want to change things.
The battle of Waterloo was the last battle of Napoleon Bonaparte.
Why is Tom so determined to do that?
I think it's time for a beer.
The houses become a way for average Americans to get financial leverage, which can multiply their returns. There's no other way for Americans to get access to financial leverage outside of houses. You can't do it in the stock market if you’re just a normal person, and so this is a way to basically speculate in housing.
They bought a few pieces of furniture when they got married.
I don't think that it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom deserves whatever he gets.
Tom is the only one who wants to go home early.
Tom bent over Mary's corpse.
Romania is a Balkan country. Its capital is Bucharest.
Tom opened it.
Layla is a beautiful black girl.
Tom asked me to give him money.
She kept eating.
I know that you can't do that.
What do Tom and Mary expect in return?
Mary didn't wake me up at 6:30 like I asked her to.
Tom eats too much junk food.
The treaty was not a success.
Sami doesn't need a ride.
Tom is probably not going to be present at today's meeting.
Tom said he didn't know what time the party was going to start.
Tom was extremely intelligent.
Tom didn't know anything about the murders.
I love red parrots.
Tom is very responsible.
Sami is a bit older.
Tom wrote a covering letter for his application.
Why did you go away?
Sami is a weird kid.
Shine your shoes before going out.
I'm not a handyman.
Mennad went to the hospital that night.
I want to stay in Australia until at least the Monday after next.
Is it OK if I stay home tomorrow?
I had no choice but to come.
Three houses were bombed.
Tom has come out of hiding.
Earn with both hands, spend with one.
This is a good time to visit Australia.
Tom received a text from Mary.
Sami moved out and rented a small house in Cairo.
When I met Hanako last Sunday, she said she had returned three days before.
Although he was writing carefully, he had many mistakes in his writing task.
An air mattress may not be the most comfortable thing to sleep on, but it's much better than the floor.
Tom said that he'll pick you up from practice tomorrow.
You can handle it.
Tom had always wanted a daughter.
I'm overworked.
I'm sick of everything.
They should wash their faces.
I promised Tom I wouldn't do that again.
I've got to leave right away.
How may I help you today, sir?
She isn't sure she wants to do this.
Tom is a sound
This song never should have been written.
I could hardly make myself understood.
My mother wrapped the sandwiches in paper.
Cornelius Gurlitt had hidden 1400 works of art stolen by the Nazis in his apartment.
I haven't seen Tom in three days.
Let's not do this here.
Tom made Mary's life impossible.
That's probably unfair.
He isn't the sort of man that boasts of his abilities.
I have some rather bad news.
Sami yells at Layla.
That will show them!
They know that they've been lied to.
The blanket was stinking of urine.
The walls were hung with some pictures.
You'll be there in no time.
It's not going to make any difference.
Tom and Mary said they weren't nervous.
Tom didn't require medical attention.
In English class, sometimes we sit in a circle to talk about a book we are reading.
Just tell me what I need to tell Tom.
I assume that it was an accident.
Tom is too shy to admit his feelings.
He drinks far too much beer.
Mary said she didn't think Tom did that.
I know that Tom is cool.
Have you seen Tom anywhere?
Mary looks like she wants to say something.
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have absolutely no regard for those around them.
Tom said Mary couldn't do that.
The beer's very cold.
"From the back through the chest in the eye" - so you can describe their procedure, because it is not possible to imagine a more complicated way to write a program.
I figured I could trust her.
We calmed down.
Mary doesn't have to stay if she doesn't want to.
Tom might not need to do that.
Tom isn't as young as you.
I thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
What time does Tom think we should leave in order to get to the airport on time?
Can we save Tom?
They told me why they didn't win.
Tom told Mary he'd done the work a few days earlier.
Mary is still on duty, isn't she?
I don't like to take this street.
Tom must be planning on staying for a long time.
The city is beautiful at night, but ugly during the day.
The war ended in 1954.
Sami came over and he looked pissed off.
I was desperately in love with him.
How dare you laugh at me?
He was really gung-ho when he started at the gym but after a few months he started slacking off and then stopped coming altogether.
Did you, or did you not, tip Tom off?
You're fun to play music with.
Tom and Mary are angry, aren't they?
I heard that Tom has been talking about us.
He's going to walk.
How are they?
The police have arrested us.
What keeps you going?
Tom was interested, but Mary wasn't.
Is there any home remedy for dust mites?
I expect to stay in Boston a day or so.
Tom suddenly found no pleasure in his new hobby.
Tom went to a concert last night.
The undertaking was a failure from the beginning.
I wonder if Tom would help us do that.
The room is very comfortable.
Tom quietly snuck into the kitchen.
Tom and Mary were best friends.
We've been waiting for an hour and the line has barely moved.
You love to annoy me.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was cold.
I don't like mashed potatoes.
I was not prepared for this scene.
Treat him well.
You could argue that.
That would be a plus.
Do you think Tom is still alive?
Tom is extremely patient.
Tom and I are the only ones who survived the accident.
Tom plans to stay here until it stops raining.
Tom isn't making much money.
New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo warned Thursday that misinformation and fear related to the coronavirus are in many ways “more dangerous than the virus.”
He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle, And away they all flew like the down on a thistle.
He was proud of his school record.
I can't recall the exact words.
She is really a good girl.
Some believe that seven is a lucky number.
My radio has broken down again.
My dog has fleas.
Tom was warm.
Let's tell Mary that we won't do that unless she helps us.
Trying on the suit, Dima found it to be too big.
Put your phone on silent.
I am afraid I don't agree with you.
I hope no one gets hurt.
Tom broke into Mary's car and stole what was hidden under the driver's seat.
What's Tom good at doing?
What do you like to do with your friends?
Tom didn't anticipate that happening.
What would you have him do?
Don't just sit there! Move!
We passed a night in a mountain hut.
Fadil killed several people.
How can I waste everyone's time?
He came from one of the richest families in America.
Getting down this mountain will take about three hours.
We can't lose sight of that.
You need to put your foot down.
Sami celebrated the New Year at a bar.
Nobody noticed that the picture had been hung upside down.
My mother said if I eloped, she would never forgive me.
Tom said he'd buy it if I lowered the price to thirty dollars.
Elderly men are dangerous, since they do not care about the future.
Years do not wait, no matter how much men may wait.
I don't think that Tom wants to go to Australia with Mary.
I wish Tom was here with me today.
They knew what they needed to do.
He answered an advertisement in the paper and got the job.
There's no doubt that he's innocent.
Tom knows that this is a tough situation.
Layla would protect her son at any cost.
I appreciate what you've done for us.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on which one to buy.
I know that Tom is a college professor.
Tom leaned down and kissed Mary.
The latter means foregoing certain foods, pleasures, or possessions.
She sped along at a breakneck pace!
Tom has very few friends in Australia.
I popped her cherry.
I'm letting you leave, provided that you do not come back late.
Tom and Mary know their limitations.
Either of the two roads leads to the station.
Tom and Mary said they were sleepy.
Tom saw a homeless man scav
I'm hoping you can do that for me.
Mennad is incapacitated.
Call him now.
You're safe here.
I moved to Boston on October 20th.
When does your last class finish?
This week, we're in a hurry.
Does Tom really always swim by himself? Isn't that dangerous?
Tom didn't even notice Mary was there.
Tom has told Mary what to do.
These books are ours.
Just let me handle it.
There were protesters outside the Renaissance festival, protesting their use of elephants.
In China, we put our family name first, then our name.
Berber is used in this area.
I prefer English to music.
Tom told me Mary was busy.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were disappointed?
Confused thoughts haunt Tom's head.
I am disgusted with him.
I haven't yet learned how to do that.
I sort of had a crush on Tom.
I like black coffee.
Skura will be here for at least a week.
It isn't like Tom and I are doing anything.
I don't think the zoo is open today.
The box was so heavy that the old woman had to help to carry it home.
What language do you speak?
I slammed the door closed.
I have a pretty good memory.
Tom and his brother are not at all alike.
Tom only got first place in the chess tournament because Mary wasn't there.
He has to get his stuff.
Obstructions near doors can impede people in an emergency.
He proposed to his boyfriend with a ring he had stolen from a local jewelry store.
He's going back to the mosque.
Tom is very organized, isn't he?
We had so many good times.
I don't like the kind of music Tom listens to.
Both Tom and Mary can do that quite well.
Tom is much shorter than Mary.
I find the Kabyle language really cool.
What's the cheapest place to go on vacation?
Dan felt like his mother no longer wanted him.
I know Tom doesn't like swimming.
You make my head hurt.
He thought that he had to do that.
Maybe that's where the secret lies.
She was reluctant to reveal her secret.
My creativity finds an outlet through learning modern languages.
What do you need me to do?
Sami screamed and yelled.
Tom and Mary told me that they were dying.
They say they can't sing.
Tom is feeling good about himself.
Some people don't like chickens.
Tom was much taller than I thought he'd be.
A great ship needs deep waters.
Both Tom and John moved to Australia with their wives.
He wrote a novel based on ancient myths.
My life has been changed.
Tom is headed towards Boston.
I woke up at eight.
You're old enough to understand.
He is studying hard in order not to disappoint his parents.
Sami and Layla had a period off.
This thing is completely useless to me.
Has something important happened?
The boy scratched his ear.
I cut one down.
I'm waiting for you.
He doesn't know how to fight.
I don't think that you're stupid.
No one had slept on that bed.
He was expecting to see her before he left town.
I'm trying to fix it.
I’ll phone you as soon as I arrive in Shanghai.
This bad practice will gradually die out.
The man works in his office.
Did you do it yourself?
Tom and Mary have been trying to cut costs.
I didn't know that Tom wanted to go to Australia with me.
Sami saw Layla's car in the driveway.
Tom applauded loudly.
I told you not to call after midnight.
I have to study tonight.
Sami and Layla are fine.
I didn't realize you wanted me here at 2:30.
She threw herself into his arms.
We walked about three hours.
Mercury is the fastest planet to go around the sun.
Tom has an extravagant lifestyle.
Tom and Mary asked John if he wanted to ride their horse.
Tom chall
He isn't done.
Upstairs there were four made beds, but on three nobody ever slept.
“I think emojis are convenient and easy to use, but within limits,” said Mingda She, senior accounting major at Temple University.
Do you remember the man who offered you the bicycle?
We're not going to start doing that.
I got on the wrong bus.
Stop bad mouthing Tom.
I'm a starved spider.
I'll be back again as soon as I can.
We need not only adequate water but clean water.
Will you go with Tom?
The clock is ten minutes slow.
I had my secretary type the letter.
I think I like it a bit darker these days.
What's this mess?
I thought you didn't drink.
It's time to get ready for bed.
Tom dropped a strawberry on the floor and Mary stepped on it.
Supplies of oil are not infinite.
Golden words, in love, do everything.
I tried to get him to come.
I thought that they'd never leave.
Three quarters of the country's inhabitants live below the official poverty level.
I hope Sami is right.
His car broke down in remote countryside.
Tom is pretty good at telling jokes.
Tom is the only one who can do this.
Have you been watching?
Aren't you afraid to die?
Why did you write about it?
Nothing bad ever happened so Tom made up stories.
Tom's company grew rapidly.
I know Tom will eventually do that.
As a child, I loved Barbie.
I'd consider doing that if I were you.
Tom and Mary injured themselves mountain climbing.
I can't stand Mary's boyfriend.
I know Tom wants to make Mary happy.
I'm not working for him.
You're going to have to do it yourself.
I want you to come back to see me tomorrow.
Do not push that button.
I don't think that what we did helped.
Tom said that it took him a little while to get used to doing this.
He was foolish enough to believe it.
Tom doesn't recommend doing that that way.
I'll write to you next week.
She'll be just fine.
I can't forgive Tom for some of the things he's done.
I just don't get golf.
Were Tom and Mary on your team?
It doesn't mean a thing.
Mennad was so embarrassed to let anybody know about his depression.
I wouldn't do that that way.
Mary confessed that she'd broken the window.
Everything Tom told me about Mary was true.
He will be loved.
Tom isn't eating right now.
Tom told Mary that he had a new job.
Mennad self-harmed in secret.
Each one is different.
Sami has bad breath.
Why are you here instead of working?
I hope that Tom can swim.
Many people applied for the position.
The silk moth is a large moth whose caterpillar spins a cocoon used for silk production.
We probably won't be in Boston again until next October.
As is often the case with young men, he is indifferent to money.
Tom and Mary live in a cave house.
I wasn't able to do everything I wanted to do.
Mary was the most beautiful woman Tom had ever seen.
Do you watch TV news?
Something is obviously not right with Mary.
My house looks toward the sea.
I undertake to do that.
He decided to stop drinking and reform his behavior.
I wasn't born blind.
I took care of him.
We love reading.
The police have been alerted.
I want to tell you about him.
When he was twenty years old, he could speak seven languages.
She said that she was interested.
Are you suggesting that I'm lying?
The ship went off.
Tom and Mary are very proud of their children.
Now Mennad knows.
He could hear her talking on her phone.
Sami was so livid that he wanted a new server.
Round here, we make the law.
Vaccinations help prevent childhood diseases.
I asked Tom if I could borrow his car.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they are always there.
When was the last time you invited guests?
Man, are you OK?
Do you think this is crazy?
I don't want to be quoted, and don't quote that I don't want to be quoted.
I tied my dog to the tree in the yard.
He's a poet, isn't he?
By no means may you cut out the pictures from the books on the bookshelf.
He's tall and thin.
Tom put the money in the sack.
I was only a child then.
Sami tried to call that number back but it didn't work.
You're a terrific writer.
Mary said she wouldn't be back until Monday.
Except for one person, everybody went home.
In France, lunch is eaten at around two.
No soldier from the war is known to still be alive but their voices were present through high school students reading their letters written at the front on this day a century ago.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is in love with someone else.
How has having such a big family shaped you?
You just didn't look hard enough.
Since the temperature has warmed, my coat has become an encumbrance.
The people in Australia are great.
Something else is going on.
The value is obvious.
Please leave us.
This is not your father's police state.
Aren't you on good terms with Tom?
Maybe you gave me something while I was unconscious.
I didn't know Tom knew where you were planning to do that.
Mary wasn't sure if she wanted him to do that.
The bartender walked over to where Tom and Mary were sitting and asked them what they wanted to drink.
Then what's the problem?
Tom told me that he wasn't in Boston.
Why is Mary going for a picnic with him?
Don't let him near my kids.
He'll share.
It worked out great.
The crowd calmed down.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom can put away more money, tax-deferred, for retirement.
This sentence is redundant.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who need to do that.
Tom forgot to tell me where to meet Mary.
They were lucky.
It's a gorgeous day.
I compromised with Tom.
I don't need to decide that now.
At one point, this city was beautiful.
Mary said she doesn't understand why you want to do that.
Reason in man is rather like God in the world.
Let me know the details.
Tom said he enjoyed the chall
I don't write poetry anymore.
I'm sorry for not being more supportive when you needed me to be.
He changed his password.
Tom ate a lot more than Mary.
I can tell you my sincere opinion, but you won't like it.
Algeria is now determined to learn from its mistakes.
Did your cat die?
I don't want to clean up dog poop.
I had a long talk with her.
We have several issues to deal with.
Drastic measures must be taken to prevent the further spread of the virus.
"No clue?" asked Holmes, cocking his eye at the Colonel.
Tom can do it.
She has been dumb since birth.
This woman is from China. She speaks Chinese.
Tom wasn't the only man in the room.
Sami found Layla still sitting in the car.
Mary always seems to be by herself.
We ate surf 'n' turf.
Throw the ball.
Tom and Mary put on their new shoes.
Tom is over three years old.
I know that you're back there.
In Esperanto, the main stress always falls on the second-to-last syllable.
They're not back yet.
Show me the exact spot you mean.
Jesus, may God be pleased with him, is not the son of God.
An anxious mother has sharp eyes.
I'm still not very good at driving.
How many weeks will it take Tom to do that?
I've got to talk to you about something.
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.
He keeps a ferret as a pet.
They're after us.
I'm locked out of my room.
Don't you love this place?
Is the boss there?
She loves to see us.
Sami bought an English-Arabic dictionary.
Sami was abandoned by his Canadian father in Egypt.
He is being foolish.
And Jacob would not confess to his father-in-law that he was flying away.
Tom was looking green around the gills after eating something at Mary's party that didn't agree with him.
I don't think that you believe that.
The conference wraps up tomorrow.
We went swimming in the river yesterday afternoon.
You can't prevent him from drinking.
You had to make a choice.
I bought that record in this store.
I asked them to come over.
I won an award as well.
Cool slightly before serving.
Sami was a sick peeping Tom.
They were dancing a lot!
Sami didn't just attract Layla. He attracted other women as well.
Tom didn't have a clue what to do.
You come from Algeria, don't you?
Sami was loving it.
I was angry with my colleagues.
A woman's crying is worthless.
You have to do my hair today.
The castle was in disrepair.
Tom is equal to the job.
Your parents adored me.
I don't care what Tom wants to do.
We need to replace our hot water heater.
Tom has apologized for doing that.
I don't know if Tom and Mary want to go with you or not.
Tom and Mary claimed they weren't the ones who did that.
Every loss is difficult.
Honestly, I also know nothing about that.
Does Tom want a beer?
Mennad hates being alone.
Tom and Mary say they haven't seen John since he and Alice broke up.
In the years he had worked so hard for equality, new laws had been passed.
Layla was enteraining a parade of men at the house.
Please don't listen to her.
The chicken was dry.
Tom hasn't done that as often as Mary has.
Doing that is dangerous.
What exactly do biologists do?
They said that they'd help us.
Bartering is an important part of the economy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to decide today.
They never finish their homework.
Have you looked at yourself in a mirror lately?
Tom pushed Mary into the water.
Tom apologized numerous times.
He'll need to tell her sooner or later.
Sami gave them a call.
He said he had fully recovered.
They assumed a victory as their own.
This ancient table is still in use.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who did that.
Do you expect me to believe that you did this without any help?
Can you tell the difference between these two paintings?
Tom was shocked and humiliated.
We have to party.
Mary said she wasn't likely to cry.
Mary got yelled at by her boss.
Tom and Mary don't want to become teachers.
He is the worst teacher I have ever had.
Sami was playing games.
She plans to live there for more than a year.
He forgot to rewind the movie.
Mary is a strong and independent woman.
Pity was suddenly stirring in her heart for the child.
Mary did do that, didn't she?
He couldn't take his socks off.
All of us plan to do that.
"How long will you remain in Beijing?" "Until Sunday."
The wine left a permanent stain on the carpet.
I wonder whether we're doing what we're supposed to be doing.
Tom and Mary are hiding.
Tom isn't obedient.
I speak Spanish.
It's only a scratch.
I think Tom and Mary won't be here today.
Her Kabyle dress is on the kitchen floor.
They think pornography will make them feel younger.
What are you talking about?!
Tom is just the man I've been looking for.
You're going to be late for school again.
Would this be acceptable to you?
What's your address?
Tom is taking antidepressants.
I don't think he is fit for the job.
You should help Tom and Mary do that.
I should have never done that.
Let's see how it plays out.
They swore they'd quit smoking.
I beg you to do it carefully.
I talked to Tom a lot.
Are you sure that this umbrella belongs to Tom?
I asked Tom how many students were still in the classroom.
The coffee is ready.
Isn't it good to have friends?
He is most happy about his success.
Sami started talking to those guys.
I wish I had the courage to speak about my feelings.
You cannot believe a word he says.
Tom and I don't live together anymore.
Tom isn't frightened.
if anyone knows that, you'll have me to deal with!
Get rid of her.
How many liters of water did you use to dilute the acid in the test tube?
What's done is done. It's history.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was optimistic.
You are not as rich as that man.
How do you like the climate of Japan?
Tom had a sheltered upbringing.
Tom is going to bring his friends with him.
Tom should've been doing that.
Many people believe that our country's politicians are corrupt.
You'll stay with me.
He didn't go inside the mosque.
Let us do all the talking.
Bitterness and rev
It's a nice view, isn't it?
I'm very uncomfortable.
How do Tom and Mary know about that?
Sangiovese is an Italian wine.
The language Tom was speaking wasn't French.
He quickly established himself as one of the most widely read authors in the country.
Mary called Tom into the kitchen.
Try a new hat on.
Tom and Mary showed John some pictures of their house.
When he converted to Islam, his wife didn't talk to him for four months.
I've explained that to them.
I don't procrastinate as much as I used to.
Okey doke.
I don't think that Tom is bipolar.
That shouldn't be hard for you.
If you're interested, let me know and I'll give you his number.
Tom and Mary are broke.
That's a very dangerous job.
Tom paid somebody to do that for him.
Tom won't buy a blue sweater.
How many times have I told you not to help Tom?
They criticized each other.
Layla is an Egyptian citizen.
Sami said there was someone in the attic.
Tom has to leave tomorrow morning.
They went back to their dorm.
Where is my bow?
It wasn't me that ate the last piece of cake.
I'm not letting Tom and Mary do that.
The fishermen saved all the castaways.
You must do that tomorrow.
They arranged the furniture badly.
Doing that won't take as much time as you think.
Mennad went to a mental institution.
The future is no longer what it used to be.
The server is a bit slow.
Tom seemed to be convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary only do what they want to do.
Snow completely covered the town.
Excuse me!
Tom and Mary are in class.
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.
Tom is a successful salesman.
Tom is a cat.
I didn't know that your grandchildren lived in Australia.
They are selling fish and meat.
Why should I study French?
Tom isn't ready do that.
Tom sent Mary away.
That one over there is mine. I do not know where his is.
Tell Tom I'm going to be late.
Your clothes are wet.
Where is the washroom?
I couldn't hold back my tears.
I believe in that.
Go meet Tom.
Business keeps going from bad to worse.
I've always wondered about this.
You looked happy.
Tom advanced Mary two week's salary.
Let's get them.
She says she won't need our help.
In our lab we create new materials.
The world's largest indoor beach is located in Brandenburg, Germany.
It's going to take me several hours to do that.
I'll work with him.
Sami just went away.
It just kept getting worse and worse.
Tom didn't have money.
Tom doesn't like to travel.
I accidentally stepped on Tom's foot.
Tom said he thought Mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older.
How do you like your meat cooked?
The nurse anticipated all his wishes.
Mary doesn't look like she's having a good time.
I have been in Kabylie for four years.
Are you sure Tom said he was planning on doing that tomorrow?
Tom never hurt anybody.
Sami isn't scared of this man.
Jill is the only woman in our club.
Tom felt that he needed to explain why he was late.
Tom is probably not still at school.
It happened at Harvard.
She's seventeen.
Tom and Mary say they like to do that.
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.
She's getting married in five months.
Tom rarely ever smiles anymore.
Human ovum is barely visible to the naked eye.
Tom cut himself shaving.
Tom bought a counterfeit watch.
It seems that she is not pleased with the job.
Don't expect a coherent answer.
Tom often helps others.
Tom and I both wanted to go.
He contrived a means of speaking to Nancy privately.
Unemployment has risen.
She said she was having a bad day.
There isn't enough time to eat now.
I wanted to sing.
He jumped out of bed.
Sami's boutique is still there.
Tom cooked last night.
I don't think the weather will clear up anytime soon.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed to do that.
Sami downloaded the game for free.
Tom grew more agitated.
Paris fell in 1940.
Did you remember to thank her?
The universe was born more than 12 billion years ago.
I never actually met her.
Sami found the test super easy.
My mother's uncle is as bald as an egg.
Tom finished off the soup.
He has overstepped his authority.
Please don't leave me with Tom.
The bag you gave me is so beautiful.
Do you ever think about that girl?
Tom is upstairs in his bedroom.
Avoid those men who are idle.
The necessity of education came home to me.
Tom was afraid that Mary would laugh at him.
What is your ultimate goal in your life?
The news made my hair stand on end.
Sami ate six donuts.
Tom bought a new T-shirt.
Tom loves them.
Mary told me she didn't really want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they're willing to do that for me.
There is no way we will get there in time.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom knew that he should study French.
You can have the day off.
Sami thought he lost his checkbook.
I gave Tom the weapons he wanted.
What age was she when she first drove a car?
How much for this jacket?
Tom started acting strangely.
I suppose you could do that if you wanted to.
How could so many people go along with this?
What language do you speak in your country?
I haven't got a brother.
Tom knows he should do that soon.
"The citizens of Cambridge accept us today not as merchants who bring them profit but as apostles of the world-citizenship idea, which they understand and appreciate."
You shall have a bicycle for your birthday.
I think I paid about $300 for that.
A small pond is behind my house.
I couldn't find the page that I was looking for.
I need to get started.
Tom is going out to celebrate.
It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future!
You never told me about this. That's not right.
She often lies about her age.
He often loses his keys.
I listen to people talking about this universal breakdown we are in and I marvel at their stupid cowardice.
I told you it was a waste of time.
Mary couldn't make herself understood in French.
Tom managed to put out the fire by himself.
She kept looking at you. Didn't you notice?
Mary is a student representative.
Be sure to do that sometime today.
The United States is the number one purveyor of violence in the world.
Look back!
Tom said that isn't what he wanted to do.
I will never sell my friend down the river for anything in the world.
Tom is running out of time.
Tom wrote an article for the school newspaper.
Drinking alcohol during pregnancy can result in the child being born with foetal alcohol disorder.
The supermarket ran out of business.
Mary killed herself last night.
That was as awkward as being seen coming out of a love hotel in the morning.
Last time he told me he'd lend me that book the next day.
He isn't sure what else he can do.
Robinson Crusoe was marooned on a desert island.
Pure water is necessary to our daily life.
We have no alternative but to work.
The makeup of Mideast peace talks may change due to a change of heart on the part of Israel.
Tom has had an accident.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think Alice was pretty.
Isolde bought earrings of jade and a necklace of silver.
Tom thanked me for hiring him.
For the Gold Age to manifest on Earth soon, we should imagine it as a reality.
Big pharma wants you dead.
The population is increasing by leaps and bounds.
Sami launched a campaign to overturn his conviction.
Tom is an idiot and always has been.
Aren't you homesick?
Tom looks normal to me.
It was like that when I got there.
I did that for no particular reason.
Do you have any idea what Tom needs to do?
You look a little green.
Damn! I forgot to buy rice.
I forgot the train tickets.
Mary loved Tom and Tom loved her.
Tom should be here by now.
With social media it's possible to find out a lot of information about someone before meeting them.
This overcoat is inferior to mine in quality.
Kendo is a Japanese martial arts which uses bamboo swords and protective armour.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew he needed to do that.
He bent over backwards to please her.
A dove is a symbol of peace.
I live there by myself.
I don't have as many books as Tom.
The company cancelled the meeting.
Risotto is made with arborio rice.
What is that little mound in the middle of the field?
We decided to enter the room.
The harmonic series is divergent.
Mary doesn't look like she's busy.
He knew he should study French.
The pizza will be here soon.
That's definitely the goal.
Are you going to leave me any cookies?
My sister dropped her plate on the floor.
This film is a cult classic.
May we go now?
I think that Tom is ambidextrous.
This is the only way to go. We should stop dithering.
Tom is a proficient marksman.
Sami isn't doing that.
The father left all his money to his daughters.
Tom will find out sooner or later.
The world is full of problems.
Gross National Product is not the same as Net National Product.
We want candy.
He said that he needs a loan.
Tom wouldn't accept my gift.
I don't care about anyone else!
The airplanes climbed very high.
Is she a friend?
I don't believe Tom is a spy.
Tom told me that he was sorry that he had said such awful things to me.
He wants to expose his children to the Berber language.
It would be best if you went to bed now.
We need to start over.
By the way, your fly is open.
She makes amazing videos.
Tom wasn't allowed to see his father.
She was chosen from among many students.
Mary says she's still planning on going.
I had promised you and I did it.
Before crossing any street, look first left, then right, and left again.
Tom and Mary said they were determined to find out what happened.
Mennad will always come back.
Tom said he thought I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Christi's mysteries are most decidedly interesting.
I think Tom is impressed by Mary's plan.
Tom plans to go to Australia.
Skura survived unharmed.
Often curious, harbor seals will watch people walking along the shore or follow divers or kayakers in the water.
Today is my little sister's birthday.
Tom was doing something stupid.
I'm binge watching the new series.
He kept his distance.
Sami used to beat me.
I don't need to work anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary should've done that.
Tom and Mary think that they know everything.
Does that answer satisfy you?
Tell us something we didn't know.
He divorced his wife last month.
She has inherent dignity.
She says she can trace her ancestors back about 300 years.
He was too shy to do that.
Living in Kabylie, Algeria, motivated me to learn Berber.
It was three in the morning.
Who was the coach?
Tom justified his conduct by saying he was very upset.
This pair of shoes doesn't fit me.
I heard some kids singing a song.
The sheets are clean.
I couldn't see what Tom was doing.
This lady can't help us, she's gone mad.
He didn't intend to let her drive but she pestered him so much that he finally gave in.
I know you've seen some awful things.
They say that they can help us today.
He worked far into the night.
This is an injustice!
Tom is going to get there before Mary.
They found it.
My knee hurts.
Should Algeria have a federal government?
She stared blankly at him.
I have strep throat.
I couldn't eat what Tom made.
In Germany you're a minor if you're younger than 18 years old.
She spent her summer on the beach.
He is very famous.
Tom eats nothing but fruit.
It's the best thing I ever did.
They say Coca-Cola dissolves teeth.
I know that Tom is intoxicated.
Tom looks like he's shocked.
Tom didn't bother to knock.
Layla wanted a divorce.
You must not speak ill of other boys in his class.
Tom and Mary walked through the sculpture garden.
Do you think that's all we need to do?
I knew Tom was a dairy farmer.
The dog chewed on the bone.
Maybe Tom will still get the chance to do that.
Tom may be through eating by now.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in your cap and gown.
The way he looked at me gave me a bad feeling.
We have so much to talk about.
Were you able to get the dishwasher to work?
Do you want a ride to the store?
He gave us clothes, and money as well.
You are welcome to the use of our house while we are away on vacation.
I can often hear my neighbors arguing.
Tom didn't look like he was in a hurry to do that.
I'll stay and watch them.
Tom isn't as cynical as he used to be.
He asked a few questions of me.
Statistics suggest that the population of this town will double in five years.
To truth only a brief celebration of victory is allowed between the two long periods during which it is condemned as paradoxical, or disparaged as trivial.
Open source is a philosophy that encourages openness, sharing, and modification.
I love you blindly.
Tom should have no problem doing that.
You're gullible.
The typhoon has done much harm.
We're going to try again.
The demon tempts the flesh.
I think that he is from China.
These measures hamper scientific progress.
See you on Sunday!
The burglar gained access to the house through this door.
She wrote long letters to him.
Tom and I'll both be there.
The conversation was secretly recorded and used as evidence.
Do you think I'm being unreasonable?
Tom said that Mary thought that he might not have to do that.
Did you have any problems getting here?
I want to eat Chinese food for dinner.
Tom and Mary said they have something they had to do this afternoon.
Sami didn't come to the game.
Tom admitted he'd been irresponsible.
This shouldn't even be an issue.
She'd like to see him.
Could you tell me your name, please?
They screamed for help.
I don't think that Tom should worry so much.
Mennad did not want to be there.
This computer doesn't work.
It's almost time to take a break.
Tom has tried to kill himself.
Tom is preparing coffee.
Do Tom and Mary get along with each other?
There's really something very mysterious about Tom.
She ran outside to see what had happened.
Can you still protect us?
Mary forgave me.
I don't care what you do with your money.
He professes ignorance of the fact.
We're not allowed to do that anymore.
Sami got an e-mail from his company.
Tom is a very talented painter.
The process by which substances are turned directly from a solid state into a gas is called sublimation.
I doubt that Tom will ever do that.
Tom confessed that he'd eaten all of the cookies.
You hate opera, don't you?
Everything fits perfectly.
Putin sucks!
We will drink to your health.
I asked Mary what she meant.
I was just wondering if you have any experiences you would like to share with us.
What do you feel most proud of?
He renounced the ownership of the land.
I'm so ashamed.
Do you really think that was what Tom wanted?
This chapter will focus on the concepts of geometry.
You said you wanted to show us something.
I know what it means to me.
Tom didn't need my permission to do that.
Tom looks healthy.
Can you get me my eyeglasses?
Do what you have left undone, if anything.
The shirt is green and orange.
I know that Tom and Mary are stubborn.
This tie is very out of fashion.
My father is Li Gang!
You're awfully skinny.
I don't know when I'll get around to visiting you.
Tom is likely to be late for school.
Sami can't date this girl.
Can I get you to do it?
I don't live in Boston anymore.
Sami lived in Egypt for a little bit.
That small town coroner was unable to determine the cause of death of this stranger.
A sow is a female pig.
Tom found two forks.
Tom and Mary knew they needed to leave town.
We all have to eat.
Sami knew everything about me.
Mary said that she wanted to do that.
Sami's hair looks OK.
Tom was here earlier this morning.
Sami doesn't understand Trinity.
Tom's pulse beat faster.
Jobs are less secure and people must work harder to keep them.
Tom doesn't like to speak in public.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are teachers.
I know Tom is a good volleyball player.
Mennad would just cry the whole day.
Sami spent his money on that.
We've taken a stand on this matter.
You'll never guess who I ran into in town today.
Algeria needs its best brains to make its economy healthy again.
Tom doesn't seem to like it in Boston.
I hope that Tom doesn't go to Australia next week.
I was hoping Tom would do that for me.
They were still young when they got married.
How did you know Tom was drunk?
C is formed by reacting A with B.
I don't think that I had to do that yesterday.
Tom isn't as intelligent as you think.
Bring wool socks for the mountains.
Now's our chance to do that.
It's only going to take a couple of minutes.
Sami had a dark side his adoring fans didn't see.
Tom hasn't promised to come here again.
They refused to be drafted.
Don't block the driveway.
"What do you want for Christmas?" "I don't know."
The soldiers obeyed their commander without question.
What is the maximum dosage for an adult?
The reason Tom couldn't get that job was because he didn't have any experience.
I didn't want to be there.
Tom doesn't think he'd want to do that.
I would like to have a piece of cheese, please.
Tom said Mary thought John might be required to do that in the near future.
We don't have to wait for Tom.
Tom is becoming more like his mother every day.
Sami brought some underwear.
Is it anything serious?
I may admire others but I have never aspired to be like anyone, other than myself.
My sister is here in Cairo.
We'll see you around.
We have to find out what's in the box.
What do you see in her?
Fan letters lay in a heap on the desk.
Are those artificial flowers?
Where did you get the idea that I don't like Tom?
Could you set a date soon so I can see the house?
Fadil found another excuse to delay the wedding.
That restaurant usually serves good food at lower prices.
They made fun of me.
Tom said he didn't have experience doing that.
Algeria needs to tackle the decabonization of its electricity system.
I don't think that Tom will be doing that with Mary.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they'll give it a try.
Apparently, Tom and I were wrong.
Mary is fixing her hair.
She was burned so extensively that her children no longer recognized her.
Mary doesn't yet know that Tom will be at her birthday party.
I want to believe you, Tom.
Tom said that Mary is skeptical.
How did he manage to do that?
Tom didn't think it was such a big deal.
It's complicated as hell.
I didn't mean that as a criticism.
Mary thought she might have to do that this morning.
I want my key back.
I could've done it by myself, I think.
Don't think that by insulting me you'll solve the fishermen's problems!
How often does Tom take French lessons?
She's working in her office.
We have until October to get this done.
Tell me exactly what to do.
Where did Tom say he wanted to go?
Sami can do this card trick.
It's wonderful!
It just scares me.
There was nobody in the garden.
How old were you when you started working here?
We need to start all over.
I think that I'll need more time to convince Tom to do that.
Tom tensed up.
Mary redoubled her efforts.
My shoes are missing.
Layla loves anything romantic.
Tom knows I borrowed the money from Mary.
"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" is one of my favorite movies.
He wants that.
I won't be going to Boston on Monday.
Tom looked a little freaked out.
I called Tom up from Boston.
Jim managed to control his anger.
Turtles are reptiles.
Mennad was going through an angry manic state.
Tom wants to learn how to play chess.
We're all pawns.
I don't have anything to do this afternoon.
Sami was cheating and flirting.
He is older than any other student in his class.
They didn't make their position clear.
You are not ordering shit off of Amazon.
Tom is a pretty good song writer.
I wish I hadn't told Tom that I'd go to Australia with him.
My children like licorice sticks.
She has always dreamt of travelling to Australia.
When you have something to say, count to ten before saying it.
My friend is stupid.
I couldn't tell Tom what he wanted to know.
Tom confessed that he had broken the window.
Let's eat spaghetti.
In case it rains, I won't go.
Cease!
They were very happy together.
Hey, Tom! Did you know changing your name is actually possible?
Tom and I are doing fine.
He has a lot on his plate.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't win.
Tom is going to study French after lunch.
Tom still doesn't know what he needs to do.
Tom has asked Mary about that several times.
A good idea sprung to my mind.
Life is short and precious.
She tried to run as fast as she could.
Sami's flight was the very last flight to Cairo that night.
How do you manage to do it all?
He can speak neither English nor French.
They said they tried to do that once.
You should probably not do that today.
I'm as curious as you are.
We want to buy a house in Boston.
Tom is downloading games.
He said he loved chocolate.
Tom is the one that painted this picture.
Tom returned immediately.
My father loves everyone in the world.
I met so many people that I don't even remember their faces.
Tom refused tell the police officer his name.
Mennad relieved himself.
Tom and Mary said that they were hungry.
Sami is too young to be doing all this shit.
You can cry if you want.
It was turned down.
We never should've hired Tom.
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that.
Tom said that Mary thought that he might need to do that soon.
They say that Mike is sick in bed.
One is blue.
Tom has been active all his life.
Mary says she never thought about that.
Sami heard something spooky.
Therefore we must be alert when writing or typing any sentence in English language.
I don't want to ever leave Boston.
Tom isn't there yet.
There's violence everywhere.
In today's life, the world belongs only to the stupid, the insensitive, and the agitated.
He has enough language in the Berber language to teach it.
He jumped up from his chair.
Everybody except him thanked the critic for her honest opinion.
It isn't always easy to read between the lines.
Sami doesn't feel good.
They said that they're grateful.
Why do you think Tom doesn't do that?
Tom slurs his words whenever he gets drunk.
She's conscientious, isn't she?
Everybody danced.
Tom is a good friend of Marie.
His new underpants were sensational.
Tom said doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Get the hell away from me!
She's in her room sleeping.
He often mistakes the time, and is late for his appointments.
I was surprised when Tom told me he didn't want to do that.
Mary can't help us right now. She's really busy.
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.
Tom will likely be curious to know how you did that.
I was wondering if you could introduce me to Tom.
They didn't even know we were there.
Everybody agreed with you, didn't they?
What can you do for him?
My career is on the line.
Tom is practical, isn't he?
Mary said that she felt cheated.
Tom will probably be gone by the time we get there.
Oh no, that's too big. That's not going to fit inside me.
Mary told me she would leave soon.
Go home and get a good night's rest.
Tom vomited.
You're in charge of this.
Tom is in the kitchen microwaving popcorn.
He tried to swim against the tide.
What makes you think Tom was talking to you?
Tom's passport has expired.
Meg is curious to know everything about Japan.
We're doing the same old routine: going bar hopping and then to karaoke.
He is well off now.
I advised Tom to come back home as soon as possible.
The sky was grey.
I wanted a big family.
I know you don't know how to speak French.
I think that racist fascists like pseudo-intellectual Lakhdar Benkoula are disguised takfiris.
You've got skills.
The introduction of the new tax is expected to affect the entire economy.
Forget Tom and me.
Are Tom and Mary at home now?
You don't seem to be as busy as you usually are.
I'm glad I'm not a dog.
Mary explained her reasons clearly.
I know that the path of virtue is very narrow and that the path of vice is very wide and spacious.
Her coat was too casual for the occasion.
I hope Maria will write soon.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
I'll call you as soon as I hear anything.
The United States seems to have got caught up in the troubles between the two nations in Asia.
Dan had started calling Linda almost a year before they met up.
Tom is actually laughing.
He disliked her.
He wasn't alone.
Mary said she'd like to see more.
How big is he?
You never know when you'll need one.
Tom says he can prove Mary didn't do that.
Aren't you on vacation?
She'll help him.
Do you know how far Australia is from New Zealand?
I reached Boston three days later.
Tom began to pray.
The positive electrode is called the cathode.
Sami apologized over something he didn't do.
She runs a dance studio.
I want with you to conquer the world but I feel we can't go too far.
I know Tom won't be doing that before Monday.
Tom believes what he said is true.
When did you notice your wallet was missing?
I know that Tom is bald.
Tom and Mary say that they won't speak French.
Tom doesn't have anybody.
Tom knew that Mary was lying.
Thank you and goodbye!
Tom handed Mary a small envelope.
A man's vanity is his tenderest spot.
Tom and Mary claimed that they won.
We hired a guide for our white-water rafting trip.
When do you think you're going to talk to Tom about that?
I'll see that it never happens again.
He doled out the waffle batter with a large soup spoon.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were from Australia.
I'd like something light.
We made up our mind to come in any case.
Tom doesn't seem to be as ready as Mary seems to be.
I didn't think our team was really this bad.
This would be a terrible tragedy.
We don't have kids.
Tom is likely to be smarter than Mary.
His house was burnt down.
Nothing's happened yet.
It would be very irresponsible to do that.
He put his coffee cup down.
A great deal has happened while you've been away.
Mary is out there, isn't she?
I have some other ideas, too.
I thought that Tom was careless.
Tom is employed as an animal trainer.
I wasn't going to go there.
Tom doesn't seem too willing to answer questions.
Tom wondered who had left the package.
Sami knows how to cook chicken soup.
The only one here who can do that is Tom.
Sami wanted to drink vodka.
He has gingivitis.
Mary looks as if she has a headache.
We're about the same age.
Too often, wisdom is simply prudence that has ground to a halt.
It's not quite enough.
I came to surprise him.
I wasn't told why Tom and Mary weren't there.
She said she might possibly win.
Hoping to cheer up his wife, he bought her a pearl necklace.
I know Tom wants be the next one to do that.
I have a daughter who's 13 years old.
It is vital that the collective consciousness is on a vibration that radiates Love, Joy, Kindness, Peace and Light.
That's the snag.
Life could be so easy.
I looked outside through the window.
How did Tom know Mary was from Boston?
They say that they're not afraid.
The party was a bit of a letdown.
It's a pretty smart decision.
You can regret it all you want, but it won't do you any good now.
You shouldn't swim in that pool.
Do you like science fiction movies?
I used to walk to school.
I want to talk to Tom after school.
I have a grandson who lives in Boston.
Tom is old enough to be Mary's father.
His criminal record is apparently for murder, but he won't start to talk about the details.
I don't think we should leave Mary here by herself.
It looks just perfect.
Tom has been a prison guard for ten years.
Mary went downtown with her friends.
I never said I'd do that.
Tom has never had a job.
Tom said he wanted something to eat, so I bought him a sandwich.
Please show me more.
It's dangerous by the rocks.
I need a helmet.
Tom said he wanted to study French.
Are you sure you don't want this?
You're old, aren't you?
He had his palm read.
I've been worrying sick about you.
I'd like to eat curry rice for dinner.
Do you know any of those women?
He is not so much a poet as a writer.
Tom certainly let me know what he thought of my ideas.
Sami can't leave yet.
Do you like China?
We sat down at the table.
What genre of music do you like the most?
Nobody helped us.
Induction cooktops use magnets.
Tom told me that he had lost his textbook.
Sami gave Layla a massage.
This is irrelevant.
Tom lived on a big ranch.
Tom and Mary said they weren't overweight.
It makes my skin crawl.
I will take the beefsteak.
What're you going to do about these rats?
Tom and Mary don't think they're permitted to do that.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't be in his office on October 20th.
I was sort of expecting that to happen.
I've been living here for many years.
Sami put the noose around his head.
We were sick.
How are you now?
Do you like her songs?
Patience is the most beautiful virtue.
I don't know what to do with you.
Tom can't swim at all.
Tom and Mary have put on some weight since the last time I saw them.
I think Tom, without question, is going to win.
I wonder whether Tom really is prepared to do that.
Tom has to do that by himself.
Layla was a work addict.
Sami sacrificed his whole life for Layla.
Tom has been avoiding Mary all week.
Enough jawboning! Why can't politicians just be honest?
She and I both trusted him.
He appreciates Japanese culture.
When her neighbors were sick, she asked doctors to give them medical supplies.
Tom isn't the youngest.
She has seven children.
Tom said that Mary was crying all day yesterday.
It took me a long time to understand how this works.
The President's words overshadowed the imminent threat of Global Warming.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were tired.
Tom held her hands in his and looked into her eyes.
Do you agree that 2 in a set with 2 is a set with one member?
Why haven't you manifested yet?
Tom didn't give us any money.
I just had a sandwich so I'm not hungry.
Tom armed himself with a baseball bat.
Tom laughed and walked away.
Here's the girl who came yesterday.
You do not realize how important health is until you get sick.
My dog had an operation.
Tom can't have gone to bed yet.
I know we can take care of ourselves if we try.
I'm sorry I couldn't do anything to help.
You can always count on them.
Tom was wearing a hat which still had the price tag attached.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be shy.
I knew that Tom wouldn't do that unless you did it with him.
Tom deceived me.
Do Tom and Mary earn enough money to live in the city?
I didn't want to disturb them.
For better or worse, she will have the operation tomorrow.
Keiko's parents talked her out of dating him.
This isn't my key.
I am ill today.
It is the business of the politician, the "science of politics", to make you believe that the law protects you and your interests, when it merely serves to keep up the system which robs, dupes, and enslaves you in body and mind.
I'll be no party to this arrangement.
Tom said you wouldn't do that.
Tom didn't seem to want to meet Mary.
You seem to know a lot about Boston.
The car had the requisite tail fins that you would expect from that era.
Michael Jackson's album Thriller is the best-selling album of all time.
You won't believe what I have found in the washing machine.
A cat ran across the street.
He said he was enjoying himself.
Why don't you get into the pool?
I don't know what Tom is reading.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do that before 2:30.
I don't like cold soup.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
He isn't ready.
Tom likes chocolate cake a lot.
Tom hurt himself doing that.
Sami put up his hoodie.
She accepted my invitation to have dinner with me.
You thanked Tom for the present, didn't you?
It's possible to eat green beans raw.
This sentence is a mere slap on the wrist.
Truth has a good face, but ragged clothes.
You can come whenever it is convenient for you.
What do you and Tom usually do together?
Tom isn't naughty.
He must choose between honor and death.
I'm sure you'll like that.
Tom let himself in using the key I'd given him.
They need me too much.
She should have no problem passing the exam.
She's obviously prettier than me.
I don't think that it's even possible.
Sami was watching anime porn.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom asked Mary to marry him three times before she said yes.
He determined to swindle his creditors, and for this purpose he paid large cheques to a certain Mr. Cornelius, who is, I imagine, himself under another name.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was agnostic.
I want to know whether you've been talking to Tom.
How far is it into town from here?
I can't do that now because I'm very tired.
Let's buy a couple of magazines to read on the train.
You have got to promise me that we just keep it between the two of us.
Tom wasn't helping Mary.
It's so yummy.
How can you justify your behavior?
The pass is only valid for two weeks.
This is not the first incident.
Tom put a wet towel on Mary's forehead.
This is a very interesting verse of the Quran.
Police don't have Sami's vehicle on their GPS.
Let me show you a picture of my wife.
They were tortured.
You're in no position to tell me what to do.
Visitors to the palace can still see this tennis court today.
Tom said that Mary wasn't working as waitress anymore.
Tom will leave the day after tomorrow.
I need the key to decode this message.
We need you to get better.
Tom and Mary don't want to buy our old car.
Tom lived in Australia until he was thirty years old.
Even Tom would have been shocked.
We should make the most of solar energy.
I can't talk to women.
Did you remember to lock the car?
Tom brought up the subject.
We are required to treat others with sincerity.
You were supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom isn't absent very often.
I wish you would stick around and help us.
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.
I won't let nobody hurt you.
The monkeys swam out to the island.
I'm uncomfortable around children.
Tom and Mary know they did something wrong.
That is the right choice for you.
I think that Tom won't be awake when I get home.
Sami has been talking to Layla for at least a year.
We won't need money.
It took me three days to read through this book.
I called Lida "la india". I liked her Native American looks.
I'll try to find Tom.
He is frugal, to say the least of it.
He earns his living by teaching English.
I have never sung, and never will sing, in a karaoke bar.
I'm getting tired of looking at the furniture we can't afford
Tom and Mary are really younger than they look.
Why do you love Tom?
What you did made Tom happy.
I have lost the WiFi signal.
Tom was generous enough to offer me a loan.
Consume smaller portions of foods and beverages.
He bought out a business.
You have something of mine.
May I use the telephone for a while?
I'm seriously considering filing for divorce.
They say whatever will get them the most votes.
Lakhdar Benkoula, the fascist, invited all his coworkers to his wedding.
I noticed Tom, too.
Tom and Mary are younger than you probably think they are.
I am an English student.
I didn't know that you used to live in Boston.
Maybe Tom was nervous.
How long is that story?
Sami took the time to help Layla.
They said they were very broke.
Do you want me to show you the pictures again?
You'd give up.
Do you always have to be so dramatic?
She knew she wouldn't be fired.
It was a beautiful presentation.
You need to go home and be with your family.
The meat went bad.
Many Americans welcomed the plan.
He opened the door of the mosque and walked in there.
My vocabulary is limited.
Tom leapt to his feet.
It's fairly accurate.
I have no money, but I have dreams.
She is sick.
Layla was waiting for someone to come get her.
At the foot of the mountain is a car park for hikers.
Mary won't likely change her opinion.
Sami worked retail pretty much his entire life.
It is very dangerous to cross this street.
Sami goes to middle school.
I believe in Muhammad, peace be upon him.
I had no other choice.
There's no point in worrying about it now.
He insulted her. That is why she got angry.
Algeria is filled with contradictions.
Tom has gone to Australia to work.
Tom's headstrong.
Tom pretended to be Canadian.
Tom has his own reasons for learning French.
When did Mary break her leg?
I'll graduate from high school next year.
Who would forget it!
Tom drank a lot when he was in Boston.
We lose control of the situation.
Well, what are you singing?
Tom is trying to ignore Mary.
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?
That's a mistaken belief.
He was a true dinosaur!
Tom didn't really feel that he had a chance to win.
You really took a chance.
How do you handle all of the pressure?
Children are like little suns, which miraculously bring warmth, happiness and light into our lives.
Tom tried to do that same thing Mary was doing.
The rice crop is large this year.
Finding time to write a book isn't easy.
Tom is wearing a name tag, isn't he?
Why don't you strike out on your own?
Mary scalded her arm.
How did you first meet her?
Tom can stay here as long as he wants to.
This isn't a cutscene, it's actually an FMV.
Tom took his helmet off.
They're clearly not happy to be here.
He said that he cried all night.
She's a fellow Algerian.
Tom is going to go to bed soon.
He's an Algerian microbiologist.
I'll postpone my trip to England until it gets warmer.
He took advantage of the opportunity to visit the museum.
We do know what to expect.
Tom said he had been asked a lot of questions.
It is pretty cold today.
Tom saw Mary on TV.
I know Tom used to be a lumberjack.
Germs are visible only under the microscope.
In English examinations, she always gets good marks, not to say straight As.
Let Mary eat whatever she wants.
I haven't bothered checking it.
Mennad never called Baya.
Nearly every main venue for social life in South Korea has been affected.
My grade is above the average.
Tom will be waiting for your call.
I thought you said you had forgotten how to do that.
They have a round table in the living room.
Is that going to happen soon?
Tom and Mary friended each other on Facebook.
Hide not your light under a bushel.
I don't think that I've made enough spaghetti for everybody.
I'm taking these goats to the mountain.
Tom played Minecraft with his friends.
Please measure the l
She said she's going to win.
Jorgen loves his wife.
Fatigued firefighters battled gusting winds fanning multiple blazes.
She's trying.
I can't let you in.
I'm a very old man.
Will Tom come with his wife, or alone?
We assume that he is honest.
Have you reconsidered?
You need to renew your passport.
You are such an idiot.
Tom will do that next summer.
I don't remember how this word is spelled.
How many likes did you get?
What's on your face?
Your voice isn't bad.
I should've told them sooner.
Sami and Layla were in love with each other.
Whomsoever she invites, she is quite hospitable.
I don't think Tom has to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't think that he's up to the job.
Tom and Mary nodded their heads.
I don't usually write this kind of song.
Contrary to the claims of politically opportunistic representatives, so-called "cyberwarfare" never causes anyone actual bodily harm.
The jet plane flew away in an instant.
I'm afraid my visual field has narrowed.
The office is deserted.
You and I are like-minded people, after all.
I want to know why Tom wanted to do that.
CK should definitely go Sony!
You are going to go take a shower now.
I'm clearly doing something wrong.
I liked the sour cherry strudel and the nut filled strudel.
Where's your backpack?
Why are you assuming that Tom is behind all this?
They promised me they'd do it.
Flashing lights transmit messages between ships and to motorists along city streets.
We're a few kilometres away from the Sambadrome.
I know that Tom knew I didn't have to do that.
I had to take Tom to the hospital.
That's the man whose kids are so nice.
Tom doesn't think that Mary should do that.
It's a little difficult to explain.
The glass is empty.
Tom wanted to get involved.
I guess I don't agree with you.
You seem like you're in a big hurry.
She accompanied him on the piano.
Get your dirty hands off Tom.
It sounds strange.
You, Rikka, are very cute when you're embarrassed.
Tom said that three of those boys are the ones who beat him up.
It's just not going to be possible for us to do that today.
I'm different from Tom.
I'm almost sure that won't happen today.
Without Tom's help, Mary would have been unable to do that.
I'm not scared to die.
I want to buy a purple sweater.
I'm looking for my gloves.
Advertisement is a skill of convincing people to spend money they don't have on things they don't need.
Tell me I did the right thing.
Enjoy yourself for a change.
Nothing can be done.
I'm eating a yogurt.
I had an umbrella with me but my friend did not.
I should help Tom clean his room.
Tom knows what this means.
Why did you tell Tom first?
We get paid a lot to do this.
I feel like doing that right now.
I know Tom is old.
Sami has another job.
I'm not through with you.
He chained himself to a tree.
I'll talk to them tomorrow.
Sami knows a lot of Christians.
Tom couldn't remember his password.
There's no way you can do that by yourselves.
She loved his mother.
Maybe Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to help Mary do that.
Did you learn that from Tom?
He is not a teacher but a doctor.
She has never been in a car driven by him.
The pen slipped out of his hand.
They said they thought that you'd win.
Why are we wasting our time with this?
I'd rather die than surrender.
Do you want to go to Algeria?
For all his faults, Sam is still a very likable person.
Both Tom and Mary wished they were still single.
Everyone but Jim came.
Nobody can understand it.
God is not the greatest.
Tom and Mary looked into each other's eyes and kissed.
I know him very well.
Tom knows what must be done.
Sami never had a whole lot to say.
Sami had a love for danger and a need for speed.
I just want you to quit talking for a minute.
I don't want to get in trouble anymore.
It takes about ten minutes to boil an egg.
I found it myself.
Tom is doing his best not to get angry.
Don't forget I've been to Australia.
Tom has a loose tooth.
He wouldn't give me any legal advice so I asked his dog.
I'll be right over.
She says she needs another computer.
Mary liked the idea until I told her it was Tom's idea.
He knows that he ought to do that.
You're the one that suggested coming to this club.
I felt very sad when I heard the news.
I know Tom is a few months older than Mary is.
Thanks for the photo.
He's coming back, isn't he?
They sold their cars.
Don't crack a nut with a sledgehammer.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting John's help.
I'll go and check on him.
Are Tom and Mary back?
Tom was dating a girl named Mary the last time I met him.
What I'll do depends on what Tom and Mary do.
Tom is still trying to convince Mary to go to college.
Tom could have run away.
Tom knocked his knuckles against Mary's.
Have you ever visited Kyoto before?
I knew that Tom didn't know that you had been in prison.
I can't afford to buy the guitar I want.
You've left your ID at home, so you can't come in.
It smells in here.
What time do you think Tom will be here?
Baya is a cheerleader.
Is it true you're going to Boston?
Tom says you're cute.
I've been in Australia several years.
The sculptor belongs to the Renaissance school.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to win.
You should go to Kabylie.
Tom and Mary said their new car cost them a lot.
Tom committed multiple acts of violence.
Boy were they wrong!
I think you're just wasting time.
He's the owner of the company.
Tom and Mary helped us in many ways.
Tell me about Australia.
I'm going to find out eventually.
Even my parents don't like me.
She went in for too many events, and so won none.
They didn't sign their wills.
Tom will be back home soon.
Tom said he thought it would be better if we didn't do that.
Layla had a baby.
Perhaps he's even waiting at the station right now.
They pretended they were still asleep.
She told me that she was very tired.
I just want to see my father.
I'll be responsible.
My birthday is in three days.
There is a small garden in front of my house.
Tom said that he's not sure whether Mary can do that.
Tom said I didn't need to do that.
That ain't going to happen.
She's eight years old.
The consequences of Sendai's earthquake were dreadful!
Sami was driving through Cairo with his girlfriend, Layla.
What have Tom and Mary given us?
Tom thinks that his computer is possessed by an evil spirit.
Tom has a plan now.
Is that her umbrella?
Tom's first job was shoveling snow.
He returned to his native land.
Thank you for helping me find a good job.
I want to stay in bed all day and just watch TV.
I think that Tom thought I wanted to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't as eager to do that now as they were yesterday.
That man is a soldier.
I haven't seen Tom around.
Tom had a chat with Mary about that.
The term ‘milonguero style tango’ was coined in the early 1990s to describe the style of dancing tango that was prevalent in the milongas of downtown Buenos Aires in the 1950s.
I have to improve as soon as possible.
At least you had fun.
How do we find out what we need to know?
That guy is very self-centered.
How did you like Linda's concert?
Tom and Mary said they're better at doing that than John is.
I'll never say anything about that again.
When she was a student, she used to go to the disco often.
How can I show you my love?
Can this conversation be gluten free?
It wasn't harassment.
Sami was married for a long time.
Tom said that I need to wait until Monday.
I want to buy a house in Australia.
Dan took five sleeping pills.
Your mother will probably object to your climbing the mountain.
Mary didn't say whether she'd go to Tom's party or not.
You should follow your lawyer's advice.
I doubt I'll get a chance to do that.
I didn't plan on singing here tonight.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary does that.
The washing-up machine at home was regarded as a rival to the worker at the kitchen sink.
He's rich, but he lives like a beggar.
Sami got nervous.
Tom looks a lot more like your father than you do.
After learning of the confirmed and suspected COVID-19 cases, the apartment property manager sanitized all common areas.
Don't ask me to point out your mistakes. If you're interested in changing, figure them out on your own.
I don't think that they like me.
Let's try to have a nice day.
Tom has been doing a great job.
Please go straight ahead.
I was born in Transylvania.
You pay Tom well, don't you?
Mary said that you and she had lunch.
You probably already know about our company.
I could not care less.
I knew that Tom wouldn't forgive me.
Our plane is thirty minutes late.
Far from getting better, he gets worse every day.
Tom opened the door and walked in.
Someone made a mistake.
Eternal love lasts some three years.
You need to stick to a diet.
Even though I've quit smoking, I still have the urge to smoke.
We'll hurry.
I hate school but ignorance is worse.
Tom doesn't feel like taking a walk with his dog this morning.
Tom got to school late.
You have a big family, right?
Once more, please.
Tom whistled through his teeth.
Tom has never had to do that.
Who lives in the house next door?
Sami was trying.
He has three dogs.
We don't even know who's going to be there.
He started an advertising agency.
Are you free for lunch?
I'm just glad it wasn't you who did this to me.
He said that it was important.
I hate cucumbers.
The stain disappeared after we washed the shirt.
Berber is my third language.
Tom knew that if he needed anything, Mary would buy it for him.
I'm sorry, but it's impossible.
Tom has been in Boston for three years now.
I was in Hamburg.
Mary thought Tom was going to help her.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't ready to do that.
She has nothing to do with the matter.
He shut the car door on his finger.
Tom wanted to go to Boston, but his father wouldn't let him.
I have to do it all over again.
It'll work next time.
Sami and Layla's shouting match quickly escalated into a violent physical altercation.
Sami was a middle-schooler at the time.
When was the last time you wore a dress?
I don't remember what I said.
World War II was five times bloodier than World War I.
I doubt I'll finish this by the end of the week.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is annoyed.
She whispered softly to him.
Sami caught Layla smoking weed.
Tom and I are a lot alike.
They're mine.
I work a lot.
Neither Tom nor Mary has blue eyes.
The boy is behind a tree in the garden.
Why did Tom think it was a bad idea to do that?
I think Tom is still unconscious.
We never went to see her again.
She said she'd never see me again.
There's nothing God can't do.
The patient's well-being shall be the highest law!
He doesn't really do that, does he?
We're only doing this because we have to.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really did that.
Tom is likely to be late.
Tom wanted to run for class president.
I can't communicate with Tom like I used to.
I am weary of this hot weather.
Sami ended up firing Layla.
I've heard the rumor.
Tom isn't likely to start doing that.
Tom isn't a good worker.
After your answer, I am convinced that there are many clever people in Russia.
No one in Mary's class likes her.
I don't want to drink anything else.
It was cold yesterday.
What is the next class?
There are about a hundred unidentified bodies to be buried.
Make sure you do that yourself.
Mary is poor.
Muslims don't reject Jesus.
Can someone call me a cab?
I know that Tom was surprised.
That was one of the reasons I did that.
I didn't do anything special.
Tom and Mary said that they're upset.
He went into his dressing room.
Obviously, Tom doesn't like doing that.
Nobody noticed her absence.
Tom asked Mary to quit her job and stay home with the children.
Why does Yidir want an old car?
What was your strategy?
This laboratory is where we study every day.
I thought Tom and Mary were on vacation.
Humor is no laughing matter.
They're lost.
Tom didn't have health insurance.
This is all unnatural and disorienting.
That mouse is expensive.
You are very cute children.
It's a funny market.
The tyre is a little under-inflated.
I know Tom didn't know he should do that.
You know what? I'm going to accept Islam.
Tom is studying hard, isn't he?
Tom said he thought he might have to do that before she can go home.
I think Mary is sure that's what she needs to do.
Tom never helps me.
I was told that Tom now lives in Boston.
I'd very much like to know your opinion.
I don't know how I got that job.
They say that he will never return.
I do not understand you.
They hate Islam.
I hope this wasn't a waste of my time.
Is this wine good?
I've been hearing gunfire in the distance.
Roll the barrel over here.
Tom let me know that he would do that.
She did her best with what she had.
The Duchy of Cornwall was established in 1337.
She looked at herself in the full-l
Tom is much taller than you, isn't he?
He's ambitious and talented.
Thank him for me.
"Who can best do the job?" "No one other than Tom."
Sami and Layla don't want to miss that.
They represent their reactionary cosmopolitanism as "internationalism", and they try to cover up their fight against peace and democracy with pacifist and pseudo-democratic phrases.
He seems to have been ill for a long time.
Tom doesn't seem to like you very much.
Will you eat those cakes?
I've never been more serious in my life.
Tom says he thinks he'll be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that John did that.
Let them know where I am.
They all tried to talk at one time.
I knew Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
My dad drops in on me from time to time.
Sami couldn't handle that.
"My mind," he said, "rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere."
They all looked at him.
How much did you pay me?
On account of the storm, he didn't arrive.
Cows have udders.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't left the windows open.
I have a bad headache today.
Everyone hopes the recession will end soon.
Are you sure you're ready to come back home?
He kissed her cheek.
It's probably going to be difficult for Tom to do that.
Germany is a parliamentary democracy.
When was the last time you lied to your husband?
I am Anthony.
I had to wait for a long time.
What did Tom think of your outfit?
Tom asked Mary to do something that she knew that she shouldn't do.
I actually like broccoli.
“Right now, visiting a museum online is entertainment for those with time on their hands,” he said.
It won't take much time.
Tom and Mary eventually found jobs that they liked.
Tom would've been here by now if his car hadn't broken down.
“Then God have mercy on the soul of him who falls!” said Ravenswood.
Tom wondered if Mary could be persuaded teach his children French.
Dan got along with Linda quite well.
Do you go to school?
So how would you define such a contribution? Does it really need to meet your expectations?
Layla was the only girl in the room.
Yanni ran out of the store.
Sami never replied.
Tom must have known Mary wouldn't want him at her party.
How many meeting rooms do you have in this building?
Tom found out that somebody had stolen his wallet.
I am sure that I will be able to find him.
Even Tom was scared.
Send me pictures of yourselves.
It's nearly lunchtime.
My boss invited me to dinner.
Close the damn door!
I'm handsome.
I waited all afternoon in vain.
There is irrefutable proof that Tom is innocent.
This is a picture of her and your husband.
Many people have lost their livelihoods in the Sahel region.
Shocked at the news, she couldn't speak.
I just saw it for myself.
You are not to smoke here.
They said they wanted to study French.
The station is near at hand.
There are exceptions, however.
Tom knew the house was empty.
Soon, the word was all over town.
Today, I finally had the courage to tell her "I love you!".
Tom isn't sophisticated.
Are you still a vegetarian?
The river Maritsa constitutes a border between Turkey and Greece.
So why should you care?
The public housing superintendent used to receive bribes from the aging tenant.
Do you think it a bad thing?
She told me she was tense.
Have you had a nice day today?
"What are you going to do with the money?", asked the policeman.
His answer is not altogether satisfactory to us.
What colour do you like?
Have you suddenly gotten sick?
Tom felt very safe in Boston.
She is five years junior to me.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John said they had to do.
I really like doing that.
Sami is in his backyard.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really need to do that.
Tom thinks he could do that.
She wanted to return home, but she got lost.
That's what I like to do.
Are you saying that you give up?
Sami drank a glass of vinagar.
I'm waiting for her answer.
Watching or reading sci-fi is a liberating and expanding experience for the mind.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
Tom is having dinner now.
Everyone seems to have a bone to pick with someone, but only a few people can be philosophical about it.
I've got to figure this out.
We'll have to be careful not to play into his hands.
This could have unintended consequences.
Thanks! I'll see you soon!
It was a dangerous journey.
Mennad and Baya's relationship started at the party.
Tom picked the shell casing up.
Tom told me he'd like to go to the zoo with us tomorrow.
I figured they would enjoy that.
As far as I'm concerned, I will not approve of the plan.
I decided to tell Tom to go.
I went to bed without eating anything.
Tom used to sing in a punk rock band.
The most important figure of mathematics of the nineteenth century is, undoubtedly, Gauss.
Dammit, she completely ignored me.
I am tired; nevertheless, I must finish my homework.
I think Mary expected Tom to hug her.
Why don't you eat vegetables?
Sleep well tonight. Sweet dreams.
The discount can't be used for all goods or at all restaurants.
A young girl on crutches asked Tom where he lived.
Tom stabbed Mary with scissors.
What did the businessman say when he invented the zip-fastener?
He did warn you.
Tom smiled at Mary affectionately.
I owe what I am today to Dr. Brown, who saved my life.
Tom tried to make Mary feel important.
Tom looked like he was absorbed in reading a magazine.
That could be a coincidence.
I think I won't like doing that.
He's upstairs doing his homework.
Everything's ready to go.
He hates everyone from Algiers.
She is wearing a light blue outfit.
I almost left my umbrella in the train.
Tom agreed to meet with Mary.
This word isn't used like that.
Tom doesn't believe that ghosts exist.
Give me a piece of paper to write on!
You joined the navy after finishing college, didn't you?
Recently, I saw an attractive mature woman on the train.
Your opinion seems to be out of date.
I suppose you want to ask me what I was doing yesterday.
We were surprised by a sudden increase in imports.
I bought a rare macaw in Araraquara.
She therefore came up on this side, opened her own window and tapped her horn lightly to draw attention to the fact that she was there.
Tom always does his best.
I just wanted to get here as fast as possible.
Tom isn't as fussy as he used to be.
That's the one thing I hadn't thought of.
What was your last dream about?
Don't you want to know how Tom did it?
I know that Tom is going to help Mary do that.
I wish Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
I can't leave Boston until next Monday.
Tom said that Mary thought that she might not be required to do that by herself.
She attained her success through hard work.
I'm thinking about you.
I was exhausted by the time I got home.
Tom thought Mary was right.
He talked with his eyes shining.
Tom gave Mary a lift to work.
Mary is right behind me, isn't she?
Tom really thought that we shouldn't do that.
Skura and Nuja came back early.
Tom answered with a harsh laugh.
Tom said he thought I needed to do that.
I had no idea you didn't like Tom.
I really thought that Tom would do that.
Why are you going?
Three weeks and we're off.
Mary is so gullible she'll believe anything you tell her.
Don't be so unkind.
You look like Tom.
Mercury and the Moon are both covered in impact craters.
Tom is getting ready for Mary's visit.
You need to show Tom how to do that.
You can't fire him.
There seems to be some genetic problem with this animal.
Mary got mad at me for not listening to her.
Tom lives in a middle-class neighborhood.
They said that they were really happy.
I think they went this way.
I didn't have a ticket.
She had a choice of going or remaining.
I received a letter which was written by her.
They de-iced the bridge with salt.
I don't have a picture of her.
Have you ever breathed pure air?
If six saws saw six cypresses, six hundred saws will saw six hundred cypresses.
There seems to be a large number of people in Japan with high blood pressure.
Tom and Mary both chuckled.
The party with the most votes got fifty-one percent of the votes.
They have everything they need.
They look like they're annoyed.
You're not aiming high enough.
Tom used to date Mary.
What's her nationality?
The police arrested a man who looks like Tom.
He can't walk any more.
Tom and Mary continued looking at each other.
Sami got contacted again by that company.
Would you rather have a cup of coffee or a cup of tea?
She felt hurt at his words.
Sami found his dog sitting there.
Did you tell Tom you were mugged?
"It's still shallow, eh. My feet still touch the bottom." "It's quite a shallow beach. Yotsuba, you can still touch the bottom can't you?"
Sami knocked Layla unconscious.
I've already seen Tom about that matter.
He's not a religious man.
Buddhism has made me a better person.
They changed it very recently.
I'm the only one who can get them for you.
I went to wash my hands.
Today is a good day for taking a walk on the beach.
The answer surprised Tom.
Love is a game that two can play and both win.
Tom is home every Monday.
I didn't know them last year.
It's the same to me.
Tom and Mary did their best to persuade John to not say anything about what happened.
Look at the distant horizon!
Tom knows exactly what he has to do.
The teachers welcomed the students by waving small Danish flags.
He practices freestyle football.
I'm pretty strong.
I only saw her once.
Early COVID-19 infections were found in people who had had exposure to Wuhan’s wet market, where snakes, bats, civets and other wildlife were sold.
I met her in the winter.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary need.
You don't want to know the things I've been through.
I’ve still got a lot of work.
Tom is usually quite direct, isn't he?
Tom wasn't aware that Mary was staring at him.
I cannot open this box without breaking it.
Tom sacrificed himself for his friends.
Why don't we get something to eat?
He's standing on his head.
Did you take notes?
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary will do that only if John tells them to.
No one can be short of time, unless they are outside the present moment, which is an absolute impossibility.
Sami called to find out about Layla's tests.
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?
I knew Tom would likely refuse to do that.
The pencil cases are old.
Sami has a business.
I don't have my phone on me.
She has no less than ten children.
Tom stashed his weapons in his garage.
It was one of the best experiences of my life.
Tom and Mary say they'll quit doing that.
Tom has been living just outside Boston for years.
Tom believes that there are good and evil demons.
Tom said he was at your house yesterday afternoon.
Tom knew that he was the only one who could do that.
Tom probably doesn't know who I am.
The schoolgirls are excited to go back to the farm to see the lambs.
He's so proud of her.
You don't work less than me.
What do you think is the best way to do that?
Tom fainted.
He said that he can handle it.
The situation gets worse and worse.
You too, Brutus?
His dog died.
I do not have time for dying.
As I began to love myself I freed myself of anything that is no good for my health – food, people, things, situations, and everything that drew me down and away from myself. At first I called this attitude a healthy egoism. Today I know it is “LOVE OF ONESELF”.
I need to blow off some steam.
Isn't it beautiful?
I want to take him with me.
Did that make him mad?
They were exposed to the enemy's gunfire.
Tom looks like he's delighted.
Tom isn't the best player on our team.
Do you want me to speak in Finnish or in English?
Jack isn't here. He may have missed his usual bus.
Here Maccus says, tell me in good faith, did it never happen to you, that one whom you had furnished thus with leather stocking and shoes for a race, as now you have furnished me, went off without paying the price?
He studied a scientific subject at university.
Each house is near another.
That actress is often laughed at for her very long chin.
It's a minor infraction.
Algeria takes this danger seriously.
I think basketball is the most interesting sport to watch.
Do you watch the 8 o'clock soap opera?
Tom has to figure out what's right for him.
Sometimes, I want to die.
He told me he's upset.
Would you like to go on a date with me?
She enjoys horseback riding.
Use interrogative pronouns to rewrite the sentences below; if you need to, you can add or remove a few words.
There, my little doll, take it. Eat a little and listen to my sorrow. I must go to the hut of the old Baba Yaga in the dark forest to borrow some fire and I fear she will eat me. Tell me! What shall I do?
Tom knew Mary wouldn't want to go there by herself.
I don't wish to harm you.
Were you able to read whole pages without understanding their significance?
He needed you.
Tom has been in office for three years.
He created a very popular program.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't do that.
Sami looked in the attic.
Tom said that no words could adequately describe his feelings of devastation and grief on losing his best friend.
Tom and Mary are on their way here.
Tom is an independent thinker.
Don't you want to go?
He is not wearing a hat.
The house stank.
Tom ignored our warnings.
He didn't react.
It has improved considerably compared with what it was.
Was it a nice trip?
The problem is worthy of being remembered.
Wait. What did you just say?
Things like that can be unnerving.
Tom doesn't make as much money as Mary does.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
I'll race you back to the house.
He says he's not planning on going.
I hope Tom isn't interested in doing that.
Tom would've been great.
She'll be covering his shifts.
It is better to do what she says.
Move north.
They were looking for trouble.
The baby began to cry like anything.
Has she completed this form?
Mary didn't know she was being followed.
I know that Tom didn't know you wouldn't be able to do that.
The languages that have been transliterated within the Tatoeba Project are Japanese, Chinese, Shanghainese, Georgian and Uzbek.
Tom thinks that Mary will be cold.
Tom learned French while living in Quebec.
You don't want to make Tom mad, do you?
I didn't tell Tom where I'd been.
Do you think it had something to do with Tom?
Sami left the club at midnight.
I could have done that, but I didn't.
I knew Tom was in bed.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think they'd be able to do that today.
It's out of my hands.
Tom thought he needed to do that.
Tom and Mary sat in front of the TV, eating popcorn.
I'm confused right now.
I don't need to convince her.
He's a complete and utter moron.
I suspect Tom left early.
We swam until it got dark.
Please be sure to come on time.
We all know that Tom is the best French speaker in our class.
You're dying.
Tom is still too out of breath to speak.
Boys spend less time on homework than girls.
It was clear that Tom was going to do that for us.
Each student has expressed his opinion.
Tom is supposed to come with us, but he's sick in bed.
His house was on fire.
Mary cleared her throat nervously.
How much money will we have to spend to have someone do that for us?
He forgot to bring clothes.
Tom doesn't want to know why Mary wanted to do that.
The more I was typing, the more upset I was.
He stopped laughing.
In his letter to the New Testament church, James The Apostle wrote about necessity of keeping God's Law.
Since it rained, I didn't go.
How do you know I'm a sentient being?
What are we gonna do?
Tom is our French teacher.
It just so happened that Mr Yamada came from the same town.
That's the understatement of the millennium!
He's naughty.
Tom tried to sell his old car to a man in Boston.
Tom is well liked by his students.
The look on my boss's face was severe.
Tom and Mary will only do that if they have to.
Are you interested in investing in Algeria?
Tom was surrounded.
Tom and Mary would like to do that, but they can't.
How should I answer if she inquires after you?
We have to become a better team.
Not having a telephone is an inconvenience.
Are you a member of this crew?
Mary should tell Tom what she needs to do.
I can't live without a woman.
Tom got very lucky.
This week I've watched foreign car-action movies with subtitles for three days in a row.
I've decided to shave my head.
Everything's working fine.
Have you ever heard Tom singing?
Do I have to open everything?
I wish everyone would go away.
Tom couldn't talk to Mary and there was nothing he could do about it.
I don't think Tom and Mary are through doing that.
Look at things from all angles.
You shouldn't take this medicine on an empty stomach.
I think Tom won't be as mad as you think he'll be.
Tom won't likely be ready.
The doctor examined Tom's wound.
Please move out of the way so this lady can go through.
We can check.
Have a great weekend.
Tom should've been home on October 20th.
The old dog can bark, but cannot bite anymore.
Tom is going to show up sooner or later.
Don't you want to tell Tom about what you did today?
Give me change in bills and coins.
I'll be staying with my grandparents over Christmas.
They knew that they were dying.
Tom and I often go out for a couple of drinks after work.
How far back does that queue go?
Just tell me what happens.
They've got ants in their pants.
It would've been better if Tom hadn't done that.
It took me a long time to realize that I was doing that incorrectly.
I promise I won't leave without you.
I promise I won't be jealous.
I don't know what that nitwit could see.
Why's the yellow light flashing?
She was sitting on the bench by herself.
The coroner is performing an autopsy on Tom to find out why he died.
I thought that maybe you wouldn't be able to do that.
I demand a recount.
You shall listen to us.
That was the mad cow.
It's a complex algorithm.
Tom and Mary aren't as good at French as they think they are.
He was surprised that she remembered what he'd said to her.
Tom was at home yesterday.
I go on a cruise once a year.
The autocrat strove in vain to deal with the awkward situation.
I want to get rich quick.
He did not return her love.
How was your walk?
A woman was kind enough to show me the way.
It's unusual for Tom to be late.
We have to warn them.
They said they felt desperate.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that for free.
I should have worn a coat.
Mary's book was never published.
North Korea is called "Chosŏn" in Korean.
There's blood on the floor.
I hate karaoke.
My father stopped drinking.
Tom sat motionless on a chair in the corner of the room.
She could have done it!
Tom told everyone he was very hungry.
I didn't want to call Tom.
When we deal with people, it would be wise to try to separate the sheep from the goats without letting them know it.
He doesn't know what it is to be poor.
Do you have any bags to check?
He could quit if he wanted to.
He is at his office.
He would have to get used to getting up earlier.
I said I'd think about it.
I think that's not going to happen today.
Sami refused to serve alcohol to the customers.
Tom and Mary say they intend to play golf with us this afternoon.
I didn't know who those people were.
Gradlon was a prudent prince, and defended his capital of Ys from the invasions of the sea by constructing an immense basin to receive the overflow of the water at high tide.
After seven years of wartime captivity, Tom was a broken man.
I know she passed the exam.
I was told that we don't have to do that.
Tom said he wasn't sure what to do.
Tom was the one who found my contact lens.
I have a mustache.
I can't be selfish with you.
Tell her what happened.
She told me that she'd leave soon.
I don't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Where have you been all week?
I hope that Tom did what he was supposed to do.
He didn't buy bread.
I intended to go straight home, but my footsteps led me, somehow, to the library.
I knew you were crazy, but I didn't know you were this crazy.
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll come back.
I don't think Tom will be in his office on Monday.
Tom is rarely in a good mood.
I didn't learn a lot.
I think I've met them before.
He unbuckled his seatbelt.
Let's sit down and talk.
Tom didn't think the story was true.
He learned Berber when he was young.
He's mopping the floor, isn't he?
Take a deep breath in and out, please.
Tom may not be hungry.
I bet Tom is pretty upset.
Tom threw the gun out of the window.
It's Gina's bag.
I never did a day's work in my life, it was all fun.
I can't see anything to worry about.
The barbells are heavy.
The wind was strong.
Tom thinks some of his friends may not be able to do that.
Give her a second chance.
I don't allow my children to drink wine.
The men all wore hats.
We camped in Kabylie, Algeria.
Ask Mary what she wants to drink.
Tom knows not to do that.
Tom won't be able to tell us anything.
Tom knew what needed to be done.
Tom told me that he enjoyed it.
Tom and Mary don't think it'll be easy to do that.
Sami's desperation went even higher.
I was very busy all last week.
Mary told Tom she was planning on staying in Boston until October.
Tom suspected Mary had cheated on the test.
The question is how did Tom do it.
Tom could do a lot of things for us.
I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
I haven't been happy recently.
She yearned for her husband to come home.
Tom could have been interested, but he didn't seem to show any interest.
A young couple were watching the sunset from the pier.
Sami had a scar on his lip.
Actually it's your fault.
Sami bought a new dishwasher.
She poured her sister a glass of water.
Hiking in the Alps means up one mountain and down another.
Dr. Klein recommended you to me.
Where is my pen?
It's October the third.
She can use my computer if she wants.
By architectural symmetry, Emmet means geometric symmetry combined with aesthetic uniformity.
There's nothing we can do about that.
Tom doesn't like anyone and no one likes him.
We walked to the river.
You can do better than that.
Many important guests have already been received here.
I need her on my team.
Farewell!
They aligned themselves with the Liberals.
I knew this was a mistake.
Not everyone can afford such a luxury.
Tom says he's too tired to study.
We've been wasting a lot of time.
Shortly before his wedding, he decided not to get married.
Mary said that's not what she wants.
You'll get your money.
I wasn't having fun, so I went home early.
No animals were harmed in the making of this film.
I became intrigued.
The mountain is standing out in sharp relief against the blue sky.
Accompany me if you have time.
What is there for lunch today?
Tom sunbathed.
He remembers his first date with her.
Tom and Mary have sex about once a week.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they're ready.
Father always says, "Do your best."
If Tom and Mary say that they want to do that, ask them why.
Tom is a crybaby.
Tom is my rival.
“As more aspects of everyday lives depend on the predictable functioning of satellites in low-Earth orbit, the understanding and ability to forecast the impact of space weather on these assets has become a national security need,” said mission Principal Investigator Eftyhia Zesta.
He says he's going to Bejaia, Algeria.
Tom has been eating too much pork.
I thought that you needed the rest.
Tom should at least tell Mary that he doesn't want to do that anymore.
The cherry blossoms are at their best.
Tom turned down the offer.
Bad milk tastes sour.
When did Dad pass away?
What do Tom and Mary think about it?
I want you to know I won't be there tomorrow afternoon.
She painted a wall.
Mary said that she wasn't sleepy.
What is more beautiful than the smile of a child?
Location check: The parties involved themselves or their attendants should look over the place for the miai meeting in advance.
Tom made a daring escape.
I don't think Tom will be by himself.
Sami has taken things personally.
Barns are painted red because red paint is cheap.
We're running a little late.
You need to be honest with Tom.
I know that you love Tom.
Tom, what's the matter?
He has an egg and is eating it.
Tom said he'd be back in October.
I don't want any cake.
Why can't I have a dog?
If Tom and Mary don't do what they're supposed to do, please let me know.
He is a sage.
I haven't lost my mind.
It's status quo.
I must get back to work.
Tom told Mary she had the most beautiful eyes he'd ever seen.
Tom told me Mary was interested in doing that.
I'd like to do something else.
Did Mary do that herself?
She says she can't speak French.
He got sad after reading the letter.
Tom thinks that Mary always packs too much in her suitcase.
I think it's best if I leave Tom alone.
Your French has improved.
I assisted her in moving the furniture.
They will have shut.
The study, conducted by researchers Valerio Capraro from Middlesex University London and Hélène Barcelo from the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in Berkeley, California, found that American men were more likely to leave the house without a mask, saying wearing one is a sign of "weakness" and "not cool."
I don't think that I need to tell Tom Mary wants him to do that.
The toddler wobbled when he first stood up.
He was sweet.
Tom can't just leave.
Tom is now a millionaire.
This is how people get rid of things they no longer need.
I have lunch at noon with my friends.
Tom can barely make himself understood in French.
How did Tom get you to do that?
Sami had a lot of self-esteem issues when he was in high school.
Guess what I found in the washing machine!
Tom and Mary weren't told they shouldn't do that.
The concept of natural numbers is perhaps the most fundamental mathematical concept.
I used to work in a bank when I lived in Boston.
I'll ask Tom to do that.
The employee did not follow the procedure.
Mennad is talking.
You're just in time for dessert.
I just wanted to know.
Sami's girlfriend was very sexy.
Sami took food off Layla's plate and ate it.
Let's not forget that Tom used to be in prison.
I thought you said that someone was going to meet us.
Tom didn't seem to be as pale as Mary.
Tom wanted to be a hero.
The old man had his only son die three years ago.
Tom doesn't want to take such a risk.
Tom and Mary were both at the meeting.
I hate the world because the world hates me.
When does the supermarket open?
Sami needs to follow the rules.
Don't leave me behind!
He'll be going by himself.
There is a knife.
The basic Japanese diet consists of rice and fish.
He's just angry.
A nervous person will not be fit for this job.
His advice counted for little.
It is already August.
They were too tired to work any more.
I guess we're even now.
He cannot be an honest man to do such a thing.
Sami remembered telling that to Layla.
I would like to buy a sofa.
The world champions were the Swedes.
Mary thought Tom was going to kiss her.
I gave my word.
I could've done that without your help.
For experience and learning, even eternity is not enough.
Thank you very much for all your support.
I like the one who is not beautiful.
Can you say that one more time?
After Tom passed away, Mary went back to her parents' home.
She tried to control her fear.
Remember, Tom, just say no.
I miss my friend.
I was in London.
Where did you buy that soap?
Tom is the great-great-grandson of John Jackson.
I was not the one who called you. Tom did it.
Mary persuaded Tom to go back to Boston with her.
All her hopes have vanished.
I love bacon.
Tom tried to help me.
I like everything you do.
Tom came back just in time for Christmas.
Tom bought three kilograms of apples.
How astonished I was to see this.
I'm not going to let Tom drive my car again.
I didn't want to speak French.
Tom and Mary have promised to do that today before they go home.
That company is one of the best in the business.
You should surrender.
Wit is to conversation what salt is to food.
She got here after him.
It has just started to snow.
Hands up!
I don't think Tom and Mary were particularly pleased to see me.
If I can do it, so can you.
Tom talks about his ex-wife a lot.
Let's live it up!
Tom had the last laugh.
I know Tom doesn't want to be here.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to have to do that by themselves.
We can go after lunch.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom could speak French.
I've just been to the airport to see Tom off.
It was around eight last night when the meeting broke up.
He always indulges in smoking.
It bothers me immensely.
Speak more slowly, please!
I wonder what Tom and Mary plan to do tomorrow.
I'm pretty sure you're wrong about that.
Lean on me.
Leave your belly button piercing alone and let it heal.
Why does Tom need that information?
I'm actually beginning to like them.
I dreamt I was a cat trying to tell humans something, but they didn't understand me.
According to some sources, Noam Chomsky is the most cited living author.
I don't think Tom knows that I still have this.
Mary is in her car.
This girl's eyes are blue.
She'll never willingly go there by herself.
Sami was struggling to save himself.
I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.
Whatever you learn, you learn for yourself.
What did Tom do that made you so angry?
I got pulled over by the police for speeding.
A politician who makes lots of promises is something different than a promising politician.
We've finished the work, so we may as well go home.
What's the threat?
I sent you an email.
Tom has three younger brothers.
Tom didn't want to kiss Mary.
Mary helped us.
Yanni and Skura consented to do that.
When does Tom have to go to Boston?
You need to stop ignoring email messages from him.
Tom hardly knew Mary.
I thought he was angry at me because I didn't help him build his house.
I'd like to see what's going on.
The police believe Tom and Mary were murdered.
Tom is our employee.
Layla lived a few miles away.
I will see you tomorrow.
I sat down in the shade of a tree and read the book.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
You think I need to do that, don't you?
He drives a Ferrari.
Is this "giving sermons" or "sticking one's nose in someone else's business"?
He told her he didn't want her to do that anymore.
I asked Thomas if he had ever kissed a girl.
Are Tom and Mary really getting married?
I hope Tom won't be disappointed.
Mary is planning to participate in a beauty contest.
I don't even have time to be tired.
They're expecting to have these measures applied in all French schools.
I will hand in my report after school.
Tom and Mary reached out their hands.
Don't you touch me, you'd make me dirty!
That sounds OK.
Can I get a kilo of chicken breast please?
How did you know Tom and Mary were coming here?
I saw you waiting in the lobby.
I come home at 2:30 on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Layla started wearing the scarf in front of her parents again.
Tom didn't tell me he'd gotten divorced.
I thought Tom and Mary were miserable.
Do you remember what he was wearing?
I want to speak with you now.
Do you know whether Tom has done that or not?
Tom should've done that yesterday.
You must be careful of yourself.
Accelerating climate change has caused serious impacts. Higher temperatures and extreme weather events are damaging food production, rising sea levels and more damaging storms are putting our coastal cities increasingly at risk and the impacts of climate change are already harming economies around the world, including those of the United States and China. These developments urgently require enhanced actions to tackle the chall
French is her native language.
Tom said that he saw a lot of dead animals on the road.
English is not difficult to learn.
Mary said that she needed to get some fresh air.
I'm so glad you came.
What blue sky!
I'm happy here.
What else do they need?
Sami parked his car in the driveway.
We must work as long as we live.
He's no saint.
How proud Tom must be.
You lied to the police, didn't you?
At least Tom is speaking to me again.
What have you been doing in the last three years?
He saluted the lady.
My sister can swim very fast.
What time does Tom eat lunch?
Being only a student, I can't afford to get married.
I called my neighbors over for dinner.
We hope you'll be in Boston next spring.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
I very much want to speak with you.
It's better to take things in stride than to stress out over every little detail.
They advanced to the river.
Everything is all right now.
His speech went on and on.
To attack and annihilate Iraq in 2003, the United States formed an "international" league composed of small countries like The Republic of Palau or Iceland.
Who's your French teacher now?
Sami knows everything about the inner workings of this organization.
Tom has likely already forgotten your name.
This ticket is valid for only two days after its purchase.
Tom realized he no longer had to do that.
The flames licked the bottom of the stew pot.
He's direct.
That a girl, Marie!
Are you satisfied or dissatisfied?
Your sense of humor is beginning to exert itself.
I was with her this afternoon.
He blamed me for the accident.
I know Tom is a really close friend of yours.
Sami's smile brightens my day.
Tom is in Boston attending a conference.
I don't give a damn about you winning or losing.
They wouldn't let me into the bar because I was underage.
Paris is France's capital.
Half the species are woman.
Thomas is in love with you.
I don't think that it's wise to do that here.
Tom read the letter to Mary.
Life lies in front of you.
I don't think that Tom will ever come back.
I'm sorry, the flight is full.
I thought that you said that you were alone.
Tom got into an argument with the maître d'.
It didn't just affect me.
Tom said that Mary was likely to still be tired.
Tom deceived Mary.
How was your interview yesterday?
Tom was babbling.
Tom hasn't washed his hair for two weeks.
I thought that you said you're tried doing that three times.
He left her in town.
Take the world as it is, not as it ought to be.
Sami was last seen alive in June.
Tom says that he saw a ghost walking around the abandoned house.
I told Tom you'd want to do that.
Do you ever write letters in French?
Making money is his reason for living.
Man is enslaved to customs.
The fugitive is armed and dangerous.
I lost my mobile phone.
Tom was losing blood fast.
The painting is deteriorating.
This belongs to Tom.
Tom isn't willing to do that unless you help him.
You aren't allowed to do that here.
Sami was trying to think of something nice to say.
Tom may end up back in Boston.
Tom said he's ready.
Tom isn't the type of person who gossips.
Luckily, I was wrong.
Tom left at about 2:30 in the morning.
I know you might think I'm too young.
Tom taught himself how to do that.
He made himself heard across the room.
Mary says she'll give it a try.
Sami is an Uber driver.
The lawyer doubted his innocence.
She was laughing wholeheartedly.
I hear that Tom is retired.
Tom was at school.
I'm not sure you understand.
They could do everything by themselves.
What can you expect?
Tell him he should present his immediate resignation.
The children sat quietly.
You know, when that guy drinks he changes. He keeps talking on and on, so I don't really want to drink with him.
The will is seen as a thing done.
I really want to move to Finland, but it's more important I improve my Swedish first.
Morocco is one of Algeria's geopolitical rivals in the region.
Mary might get punished if she does that.
Let's do this in chronological order.
Tom grows several kinds of vegetables in his garden.
Tom's not home.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to leave.
Some of them are healthy, but some of them aren't.
Mennad has been taking Prozac for six years.
Did you apologize to him?
Sami's check is ready.
That's what Tom needed to do.
I got ten dollars from my grandfather.
Tom said that he paid $300 in advance.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary know how do that or not.
Tom has broken both his arms.
I think it strange that there is no one on the street at this time of the day.
Why would you ever want to do a job like that?
Sami cut up the apples.
I actually think it's a very good idea.
Kim is two years older than him.
Mary tried to kiss me, but I didn't let her.
I don't think that Tom enjoys swimming.
We didn't want anything more to eat.
She's going to have fun, isn't she?
I'll put it in my appointment book.
I think things like this happen by chance.
You know I'll never be able to do that again, don't you?
I was really interested in Berber.
Every day is a party for Sami.
I thought Tom was good.
His grandmother lives in Kabylie, Algeria.
All of the first graders are bringing flowers.
Tom has a pretty good idea who burned his house down.
When does Tom plan to go?
I can think of a lot of reasons why we shouldn't leave early.
Sami was put on the case of Layla's murder.
When did Tom leave Boston?
The doctor's children died of mumps.
She approved it.
Everyone's been talking about it.
You look pale as a ghost.
If the coffee is too strong, add some more water.
Tom will be here again.
I don't know where I was born.
Was she at home yesterday?
Tom doesn't like coffee.
Tom could have won if he'd wanted to.
Tom turned to Mary for help.
Do you like bucatini pasta?
How much milk do we have left?
I didn't know where I was.
Tom is on holiday in Italy with his family.
Sami owned several companies.
I hope that nobody saw me break the window.
Admission is half price after 2:30.
I'm looking for the restroom.
I think that's a concern.
Tom said Mary knew that she might need to do that with John today.
You belong to the next generation.
He was charming.
Algeria is exporting gas.
It was a simple mistake.
My favorite singer is Tom Jackson, too.
Do you like the theater?
You were away.
She says she never locks her door.
I can't help that.
I wasn't able to do what I needed to do.
Tom will also be present at that meeting.
Tom said he didn't want that to happen again.
I won't have to do that alone.
I am sorry to inform you that you have not been accepted.
I'm going to take swimming lessons.
Tom and I spent the day together.
It's rude to stare at people.
Do you plan to do that sometime?
Everything else is boring.
Tom told me he thought Mary was being sarcastic.
Why did I wear shorts?
Tom and Mary swam in the freezing lake.
Sami got six hundred bucks.
I have never dared to speak to her.
I'm completely serious.
When taking a polygraph test can you be telling the truth and because you are nervous it shows that it's a lie?
What a pity!
She gave a flat refusal to my offer.
The agreement between the two results is just shy of 50%.
Tom said that you could speak French.
I've been invited to a masquerade party.
In consideration of others, please don't smoke.
Mary is as beautiful as ever.
I need to get home before it gets too late.
Dan didn't have any empathy whatsoever to any human being.
Sami started talking to that girl.
With the help of a reference grammar of the Georgian language, Tom was eventually able to puzzle out even the few non-international traffic signs outside the two cities of Tbilisi and Kutaisi.
Are you calling from the hotel?
Tom returned from a week in Boston.
Tom will be moving to Boston.
She might possibly go to the supermarket today.
Feel free to call whenever you like.
Tom and Mary say they're really tired of doing that.
He came to pick me up.
Parking at the Mall has seven floors and each one is marked with a specific color so that people remember more easily where they left the car.
I don't want to overreact.
It hasn't been easy for me.
Don't be so unpleasant with your sister, Tom.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary would really want to do that.
We haven't seen Tom much since he got divorced.
You'll come back to see us, won't you?
I just don't get it.
Could you go and tell Tom for me?
How does one celebrate that?
He was unable to resist the temptation.
I know Tom is absent-minded.
Tom was hiding in the woods.
I'm going to sell picture postcards.
He may not help.
I'm glad it's not rainy today because it's easier to be cheerful and bear up under affliction on a sunshiny day.
Short sentences are easier to read than long sentences.
When will we go back?
He said that the matter was urgent, and that there was not a moment to lose.
The weather today is worse than yesterday.
Sami was bored.
Tom talks to just about everybody that he passes on the road.
It's not worth a farthing.
Netherlands so deserved the World Cup.
Are they working at the moment?
They were highly attuned to the possibility of there being scheduling issues.
What's your morning routine?
Falling in love with Tom was probably the biggest mistake that Mary had ever made.
He left about three minutes after her.
Mary said she's excused from doing that.
I don't think that you realize how much I miss you.
Thanks for coming. It means a lot to me.
Tom has an ironclad alibi for the night of Mary's murder.
She's behind in her studies.
What a beautiful photo! It seems like a painting.
Sami left me alone with all those people.
He made many grammatical mistakes in his composition.
Tom won't do that alone.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are feeling OK.
Sami was pimping out his workers because their were illegal immigrants.
Thinking makes my head hurt.
My best friend's sister's boyfriend's cousin knows someone who went to school with Obama.
You'd better not go out in this bad weather.
Tom said that he'd rather do that tomorrow.
Tom and I had hoped you could do that for us.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary's father.
Fadil started dancing.
Tom works hard, and so does Mary.
There's no way out but forward.
He's away on business.
I still don't think that that's going to happen.
Who am I kidding?
Change is in the air.
The hard work was worthwhile because I passed the exam.
I hate the winter.
I just figured out who you are.
Tom and Mary may have been at the party last night, but I didn't see them there.
Tom is an adjunct professor.
Mary licked her fingers.
You shouldn't read people's private letters without permission.
The giraffe herd have begun their search for food.
He wouldn't stop badgering me.
She is old.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary is afraid to do that.
Mary is frank, isn't she?
How many times have you been here?
Worse than a simple fool is a fool believing himself intelligent.
Tom and Mary are going to find us.
Give me the files.
I hate everything Tom stands for.
I thought that I'd stop by and see how you were doing.
The Earth is just a little island and we are little islanders.
Tom told me that he forgot all about the meeting.
I went to Tom for advice.
Tom couldn't do what needed to be done.
Click on the button.
You cannot please everyone.
Wrap him up tight.
There existed in his bosom two contradictory passions—a desire to rev
Everyone burst into laughter.
Did you read the article I wrote for the newspaper?
Tom thinks Mary can't speak French.
Men will sooner forget the death of their father than the loss of their patrimony.
Tom told Mary why he had to do that.
Tom and Mary are playing with the pokers. That's quite dangerous.
I don't know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to do that.
I think Tom will enjoy this.
He's an expert kisser.
She was homesick.
He's had a face lift.
You didn't realize I needed to do that, did you?
He's doing that for his children.
He's sure that he'll pass the next exam.
I think Tom is tall.
Tom slowly drank his wine.
She's painting her room white.
This pair of lovers were carrying on an ardent correspondence.
I enjoy the way hurdy-gurdy sounds a lot.
Tom said he's been waiting since 2:30.
Both sat down.
My sister sings songs very well.
We haven't known each other very long.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary about what he'd done.
It is finally all over.
My bicycle has chrome plated rims.
I'm thankful that I have the ability to buy food for my family, but also that I have the ability to give a little bit extra to those who don't have enough.
Tom is from a very wealthy family.
When will the Italian classes start?
A whale is a mammal; in other words it feeds milk to its young.
Crouch down here like this, but do it theatrically and don't say, "Rhubarb."
Are you sure that's safe?
Tom said he wants to die.
Tom is a dangerous guy.
The relationship between Islam and the West includes centuries of co-existence and cooperation, but also conflict and religious wars.
I drank it in a gulp.
Eric played a sweet tune on the piano.
I'll be out of town until next Monday.
Do you see the cross?
She gave her son a big hug.
Just tell Mary she'll have to wait another day.
I need you to make a phone call.
I knew something was going to happen.
Mennad was never taught how to express his feelings.
Would you like to sing a duet with me?
Stay at home.
She could be right, mind you.
Didn't you know Tom passed away about three years ago?
Yes, it has already started.
I have never played an online game.
I want to eat something that can only be eaten here.
Death solves all problems — no man, no problem.
The measles vaccine is almost 100 percent effective. Doctors recommend that children get two doses.
I spoke to Tom about that just the other day.
He told me he was in a hurry.
They didn't say a word.
Hinduism is the main religion in India.
I told Tom what Mary had to do.
The prime minister signed the charter.
I'm not counting on it.
I read the flyer that was handed to me.
I forgot its name.
Why won't anyone help them?
Tom wasn't the next person to do that.
I didn't think that you would show up.
I didn't know you were finished doing that already.
I was taken for a ride.
I don't think I'll sing that song tonight.
Why does that not surprise me?
This homeless man plays piano beautifully.
Sami is checking his phone.
Thanks for sticking around.
Those were Tom's final words.
He is popular with his men.
At this time, I am reading an action novel.
I'm coming to pick you up.
She needs a lawyer.
Tom used to eat out two or three times a week.
I can't talk about it.
Egyptian history is never boring.
Mary thought she should go.
The king of this country isn't a person, but a divine beast with three pairs of wings said to be in far away in the sky.
The stamp came off.
You knew Tom and Mary couldn't do that by themselves, didn't you?
Tom solved the problem by himself.
Under Bouteflika, election fraud was very common.
I'm very skeptical about that.
Is everything going OK at work?
She's sweet and nice.
Today I'm shopping in town as well as running an errand for my grandmother.
This is one BORING movie! Wow!
I thought you said that you didn't know how to play the saxophone.
Sami is my previous landlord.
Tom said he didn't know if he had to do that.
Tom will never let me do that.
If more people gave blood, the world would be a happier place.
I'll let you think it over a bit.
My father is busy getting ready for his trip.
Matter can exist as a solid, liquid, or gas.
Tom used to read bedtime stories to his children every day.
It's rare for me to get invited to parties.
Tom rubbed his hands heartily over the fire.
Why did she become angry?
These statistics are provided by the Algerian government.
Tom and Mary hate John.
If I could, I'd gladly punch Sami in the face.
That's my problem with Tom.
Tom and Mary say they'll buy that for you.
Tom and Mary told John they were interested.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary likes him or not.
Sami was threatening us.
I told Tom I didn't want to ever see him again.
I don't think I've ever seen you so busy.
I don't trust him any more.
He doesn't believe he can do that by himself.
Mary said she'd rather not eat right now.
I'll have to mention this to Tom.
Tom gives tennis lessons.
I go to the office by car every day.
I think Tom must've been right.
I pretended I didn't know how to do that.
Sami is peeing.
Elizabeth killed Alister in cold blood.
Tom's parents didn't approve of his plan.
Fuck your ideas.
They're developing a building in central Algiers.
This bus will take you around the city.
Tom's death was an accident that could've been avoided.
Tom frequently goes to Australia.
Has anything really changed?
You're still a student, aren't you?
The bride came into the room, with everyone staring at her.
I got my right leg injured.
Tom walked past me without saying anything.
You've got a lot to learn.
The goats bleated in the barn.
Tom said Mary knew that he might want to do that by himself.
Mary was told she was too short.
I just know that it's not right.
To say is one thing, to do is another.
I'd probably be forgiven if I did that.
She told me she'd been careless.
None of it was real.
Tom refused to do what we asked him to do.
I'm having trouble believing it.
He's home, isn't he?
I must ask you to be more specific.
I rented out the guest bedroom.
It is more than 3 kilometers to the station.
She alone decided who could see him.
I thought you might like to talk.
Tom waited in front of the house.
Tom tried to hide the truth.
"Your mother is still alive." "Can she hear me." "Sure. Say something to her."
I should tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I have a lot of questions to answer.
Do you think that you could take a look?
They speak in everyday Berber.
Are these Tom's and Mary's cups?
Both Tom and I can't swim.
Tom has a Canadian passport.
Sami and Layla were talking about cars and Farid was chiming in as well.
Sami was wearing a tuxedo.
How long have you been a student here?
Tom can't stand doing thing like that.
Religion is not important for him and he doesn't believe.
I have never ever wondered how long I will live.
Why is this so urgent?
I didn't think that Tom would enjoy this movie.
I ate your bread.
Paul, do you think we can make it to the airport on time?
Tom didn't have the physical str
The only country Tom and Mary have ever gone to is Australia.
Sami panicked when detectives came to his door.
I was eating an apple when Tom phoned me.
Tom said that he was feeling thirsty.
No wine for me. I'm Muslim and I don't drink.
Grab that.
I need more information on this matter.
She just wouldn't stop teasing him.
Everybody's still there.
Jane can sing some Japanese songs.
Did you know that Tom wrote his first song when he was thirteen years old?
Tom recently had surgery.
We obeyed the rules.
Who can replace her?
Aren't you on some kind of medication?
Tom is on his way home from school.
The skirt is long.
The police took Dan into custody.
I'll go wash my hands.
The little boy said hello to me.
Tom may have another cookie if he wants one.
I didn't do too well on today's test.
I've got to learn to slow down.
She looked well when I last saw her.
It's unplugged.
Mary lowered her eyes.
Google Translate still has a lot to learn, but it's getting better every day.
May I drink alcohol?
Tom realized he was going to die.
He admitted that he was nervous.
I just want to hibernate.
Tom said that he was worried.
The sky is a hazy shade of winter.
Something is wrong with this word processor.
My love is eternal.
Washing laundry by hand is hard and time-consuming.
I feel different after I've been in Tom's house, like a portion of my mind that was previously busy finding ways for me to enjoy myself when I didn't have to be working is now fully focused on thinking about stoats all day long, and indeed I find that much more efficient, for stoats entertain me now every moment without fail.
I'm the one who should resign.
I suspected something like this might happen.
I was within an ace of winning.
These lemons are fresh.
This is much better.
We dreamed of this happening.
Tom seemed to understand why Mary had to do that.
His mom is a good-looking lady.
We're learning Spanish.
God has created everything that exists.
Tom is a great teammate.
Tom stepped forward to kiss Mary, but she stepped back.
Mary said that she was dying.
Tom came late as usual.
Thanks for staying so late.
Please be sure to close the windows before you go out.
Yanni wanted some more information.
All workers are required to disrobe and enter the delousing chamber.
Listen, I'm really sorry.
I haven't had time to fully discuss the problem with Tom.
How do you want to pay?
You can't unring a bell.
Tom is scared.
Tom wanted to know what Mary was doing in Australia.
We just don't know what happened.
The government wants your guns.
What will we have for dinner tonight?
I wasn't talking about you.
It doesn't really make much sense, does it?
I have something to give you.
I went straight home from work.
We are proud of our Berber language.
We should ask Tom and Mary what they think.
If you've got any better suggestions I'd love to hear them.
He must've finished his work early.
I love to read comics.
Come visit us!
I figured you would understand.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary didn't know how to speak French.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll need to do that.
Algeria could lose a lot in a free trade game.
Can you give him first aid?
We're going to travel to Estonia next month.
Tom prepared Mary for the bad news.
I have a pocket watch that my grandfather gave me.
Tom stood behind his mother.
Fadil was very afraid of what was happening.
He took the wood and sawed it using the saw.
Because of this it will probably be generally cloudy and rainy weather over tonight and tomorrow.
I know that Tom wants to become a prison guard.
How could we have let this happen?
It's a little expensive for lunch, but the taste matches the price.
If you are free tomorrow, I can show you around Kyoto.
I better drink my own piss.
If you die without having made any enemies that means that you have not done anything.
Are you all set for the trip?
Does Tom ever do that?
Everyone needs to get off the bus.
Tom has been writing a cookbook.
He said that he enjoyed the view.
He stubbornly persisted in his opinion.
Our next meeting will be held next on October 20th.
I think that Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Tom and I talked for a long time.
Do you think Tom will actually help us?
Sami and Layla were both drinking.
I am looking for my friends.
Algiers is undergoing a transformation.
Linux is not an operating system, but only a kernel.
The band has played a march.
Tom wasn't invited to the banquet.
Don't trust Tom too much.
When out of tourist season, the tickets will be cheap.
I'm not quite ready to do that.
I haven't gone to the movies since I got here.
I lost the watch which I bought the day before.
My parents are both doctors.
You did that the wrong way.
Algiers is not a bad place.
Is it getting better or worse?
I'll visit my uncle in Boston next month.
I'm not sure, but I think you may be wrong.
I am fully aware of Tom's activities.
Tom refused to answer questions.
Sami has really changed.
I would prefer to get a divorce.
It would've been wiser if you hadn't said that.
Northern Algeria is susceptible to earthquakes.
How old do you have to be in Australia to be able to drink?
Tom said it didn't bother him.
And though he knew his brethren, he was not known by them.
I've been thinking about this for a while.
If you want to be credible, tell people only what they believe.
I'll need several of those.
I have followed your advice, my dear colleague.
While I was talking to one of the clowns, Tom was talking to another one.
Their stories are extraordinary.
He owned a store in Kabylie, Algeria.
I'm sure Tom won't be able to do that as fast as Mary.
Sami fantasized on Layla.
Always smile and be happy.
Sami was forced by the police to surrender his dog.
Tom shook Mary awake.
He showed me a picture of her.
I could hardly tell who was who.
Is Tom good at driving?
I'm just being polite.
I need a red pencil.
Do you think Tom would know how to fix this?
It is not our responsibility.
I sent him home.
My advice was not lost upon her.
I didn't always believe that.
He's in pain.
He's underage.
Haphazard eating habits caused the castaway's food supply to be quickly depleted.
I still want to do that.
You're supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary will be in Boston all week, won't they?
Tom said that's not what he did.
Emily has friends from various countries.
Who else knows about it?
I don't think that Tom knows how long he'll be in the hospital.
Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
Tom's got everything under control.
Tom can't wait to meet you.
She paid for it all.
I didn't ask them.
We tried to persuade him.
I love Mary and she loves me.
Mary wore a red dress to the party.
Reread the article.
It's difficult for me to express myself in Esperanto.
You make me want to cry.
Tom has to wash his clothes.
I hate beggars.
He fell asleep right away.
I think you can do better.
Tom said that they were lucky.
Black paper absorbs light.
The president appointed a new manager.
Tom and Mary said they had fun at your party.
I was mugged.
I gave him a ride in my car last night.
I come here every year.
They considered the question.
What did Tom bring?
I was so homesick.
You don't plan to take pictures, do you?
Where is Paul?
I'm not in Boston anymore.
Here is my baggage.
Tom approved.
I think that Tom is a few months older than Mary is.
Tom said that he'd call me.
What goes on in this room?
Sami remembers every single moment he spent with Layla.
Mary was hoping you could do that for her.
Find out what Tom and Mary are doing in Boston.
The train was hurrying west.
Bay leaves are a key ingredient in his adobo recipe.
I wonder whether Tom has been hurt.
She works from nine to five-thirty.
Dutch is a Low Franconian language.
I thought Tom already knew.
I don't gossip.
She kept silent all day.
Tom's boss appreciates his work, but he doesn't want to give him a pay raise.
I have a tomcat called Cookie.
I didn't think that Tom would agree with you.
Where is everyone?
She hired him as a programmer.
I was just pointing out a problem I thought you hadn't notice.
Have you seen anything new?
It's been 33 years since Marilyn Monroe died.
I certainly didn't expect to see you here in Australia.
We live our limited life in the coordinate system of time and money.
Tom shaved his head.
Tom cries a lot.
You knew Mary told everyone she was going to do that, didn't you?
Oddly, I've been watching a lot of telenovelas this fall.
Tom left without even saying goodbye.
You're definitely crazy.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that that was going to happen.
She's calling people to Islam.
Do it the best you can.
She suddenly was no longer interested in school.
Could you please pass the potatoes?
She told me that she's heartbroken.
I have to get dressed now.
Could I have a word with you?
She says she can't stay long.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Australia, but I didn't tell him why.
I'm always happy to receive an e-mail.
It's hard to breathe.
The state is a racket.
"It's not my fault if you lose things." "But you stole them from me!"
She intends to participate in a beauty contest.
Would this be possible?
Sami is still very groggy.
Tom must have left.
I think that we're going to ask Tom to help us do that.
Sami wanted to do a video.
Tom is too young to drink.
Where is a pen?
Suck me!
Tom and Mary told me they were homesick.
Tom is not a dumb guy.
Mary said she regretted that she couldn't help Tom do that.
The notice in the park said "Keep off the grass".
This message doesn't make sense.
I can't believe you did all this without any help.
Tom can count on Mary.
I like to barbecue.
They said they wanted to retire.
What were Tom and Mary afraid of?
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are angry.
I'm afraid you can't go there.
Hey, that's not our problem.
How many weeks will it take us to do that?
Tom and Mary broke up last spring.
He burst into tears.
Has the bell rung yet?
Vinegar has a sharp taste.
Sometimes I have to turn guests away because we're fully booked. When those guests who do have a booking don't then turn up, it's very annoying.
I don't believe in them anymore.
I was all but dead at that time.
Tom isn't the only person Mary should talk to.
I have to go to school now.
Please take your rubbish with you and dispose of it thoughtfully.
We all hope Tom does that.
He was hurt.
If one is to save up the chicken feed every day, it will amount to a very substantial sum in a year.
I'm glad Tom is going to help us.
They climbed the rugged north face.
He picks his nose in front of the kids.
Tom did a pretty good job of selecting music for the dance.
Do you want some breakfast, darling?
Mary says she loves it in Australia.
Yesterday he had written the letter.
Maybe I've been too hard on Tom.
How do you like your coffee?
Sami's bus is always packed.
Sami got very angry with the police.
There are too many things here to fit into this suitcase.
I changed.
Sami heard some noise but he wasn't quite sure what it was.
They were satisfied with the meals.
Tom and Mary don't want to wear jeans.
We must have seen a thousand pronghorn on the drive across Kansas.
I know that Tom is a very talented guitarist.
Tom is happier than I've seen him in a long time.
It's complicated.
Tom is the one who showed Mary how to do that.
Bring our boys home.
Tom and I wrote a paper together.
Tom didn't want to do anything new.
None of us can help the things life has done to us. They're done before you realize it, and once they're done they make you do other things until at last everything comes between you and what you'd like to be, and you've lost your true self forever.
What time will the train arrive in Boston?
Mary told me she was unafraid.
They told me that they needed our help.
There was a ship sailing on the sea.
I have noticed this too.
Tom is likely to still be drunk.
I really enjoyed doing that.
They are thirty minutes late according to the planned timetable.
He left his son alone in the car.
I cannot abandon my friend.
Can you tell me what is happening?
Tom needs to be ready.
That's an abuse of authority.
The Tung tree is poisonous.
I lost my keys somewhere yesterday.
Sami's execution was a sad ending to a sad and desperate life.
It's a little easier said than done.
What is the opinion of a cultured, secular and sincere man?
That doesn't happen anymore.
He needs some new shoes.
I forgot that today was Saturday.
The neighbor's dog kept Tom awake most of the night.
And Lia conceived again, and bore the sixth son. And said: God hath endowed me with a good dowry; this turn also my husband will be with me, because I have borne him six sons: and therefore she called his name Zabulon.
Nobody likes them.
It would've probably been better if Tom hadn't gone to Boston last week.
He is known to everyone in the town.
I want to move to Antarctica.
She seemed okay when I saw her.
Let's go horseback riding.
She said that she was very excited.
What's Tom making?
May I bring my family along?
Does Tom have a partner?
The name of the man I met yesterday is Mr. Hill.
You're not going in there.
I really appreciate what you've done for me.
Such pretty flowers!
You're the perfect girlfriend.
My hands are tight.
I should've thought of that.
He doesn't know where he's going.
The first month, the fourteenth day of the month, in the evening, you shall eat unleavened bread, until the one and twentieth day of the same month, in the evening.
I didn't know that Tom was supposed to do that this morning.
Tom just closed his eyes and tried to ignore what was happening.
Tom and Mary said they I thought I should do that by myself.
Tom rose to the occasion.
They spread the Gospel all over the world.
No one is so old but he can learn.
She said she couldn't do that.
He's sitting between the two chairs.
I knew I couldn't be Tom.
There is a pair of scissors on the desk.
Tom is outspoken, isn't he?
Sami is waiting in the car.
You tell me what to do and I'll do it.
You love her, don't you?
You need not work so hard in order to pass the examination.
Tom was nude.
Sami works for me.
Oral language isn't planned.
I am a naive sheep.
I ordered a textbook from the internet, but I had to return it as it lacked accompanying audio CDs.
He speaks very broken Berber.
What are you learning from the teacher?
Flightless birds are birds that can't fly.
He went to America for the purpose of studying American literature.
Tom and Mary said they've been having fun doing that.
He is living with his uncle now.
Is he a doctor or a patient?
We had better tell her beforehand, so we can calm her down.
You're entitled to do that.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was discontented.
Tom says he wants to do the same thing I did in Boston.
Tie the apron.
Tom sent an email to his boss.
Did Tom tell you why?
Collection of plants, rocks, petrified wood, fossils, archeological objects or other materials is illegal anywhere in the park.
Please compliment her on my behalf.
You should keep your windshield clean.
Yoga can help you fight stress and stay fit and healthy.
Leatherbacks do not have a hard shell like most turtles.
She was not willing to go to the doctor.
Tom placed his hand over the lens.
I really am very busy, Tom.
Mary is a very nice girl.
Tom will have the chance to do that.
There is evidence of superstition in our world.
Tom thinks that Mary won't actually do that.
Tom told Mary not to do that, didn't he?
Sami unwillingly unmasked himself.
I think you must be getting tired.
They translated the novel from Russian into Armenian.
The residents protested outside the sex shop that opened in their neighborhood recently.
Never let them see you bleed.
Layla was nothing that she said she was.
My goodness! I have lost the car keys.
She's not half attractive.
The meals don't suit my taste.
I know how crazy that must sound.
He lives in a homophobic society.
Tom and Mary believe they're ready.
He himself did that.
That means he loves you.
Don't call us.
Garden tools make a good gift.
What has he done today?
How awful!
Tom helped the two survivors reach a log cabin in the mountain.
Tom didn't have much to say on the matter.
Yesterday she sat for the entrance examination.
He has no idea what is going on.
Nothing is decided yet.
Mary says she owes Tom money.
We're going home.
Tom is a branch manager.
The separatists never took part in the Black Spring events of Kabylie.
India has a cuisine rich in regional flavour.
Tom knew there was a possibility that Mary would do that.
Generally, who visits their parents more, sons or daughters?
He remembers that story so well.
Tom said that he didn't want to help us clean the garage out.
Early hunter-gatherers had a hard time finding carbohydrates in the wild.
I don't know whether he was honest or not.
What was Tom doing in Boston anyway?
My hobby is languages.
You deserve congratulations.
They always made us do that.
She doesn't pay much attention to how she dresses.
That's a big 10-4.
If Jason should call me, tell him I'm not in.
I hope that I can visit Australia before I die.
You have an e-mail message in your inbox.
Tom and Mary are going to get hurt if they aren't careful.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning on doing that alone.
Normally, I'm not afraid of planes.
I didn't think you'd be impressed.
We need some coaching.
Tom and Mary could learn a lot from each other.
I was happy with the way things turned out.
Tom and Mary say that they won't get married.
She admitted that she was homeless.
Tom speaks impeccable English.
I think I'm going to go see what Tom and Mary are up to.
I am listening to an old song.
Both Tom and Mary thanked John.
He's quite good at chess, isn't he?
It's official.
I'm sorry I haven't written to you for such a long time.
You're just a spoilt brat.
Tom often drives his father's car.
Tom has a Turkish friend.
Second, smokers persuade themselves that there is nothing they can do about smoking anyway.
The rise and fall of the sea is governed by the moon.
What you said doesn't make sense.
Tom doesn't have any proof.
The village was destroyed by the dragon.
If it were not for water, there would be no life on the earth.
Tom wasn't supposed to go yesterday.
I have to do it again.
We found Tom hiding in his basement.
Sami doesn't want to have a conversation.
Tom has gone insane.
I almost never eat game meat.
How do you operate this machine?
Not another goalless draw!
Tom and Mary went to the music festival.
For people who dislike the idea of giving money, a gift certificate is a good idea.
I gave you a direct order.
I want you to be a good boy.
I'll stay at home today.
On that day, Japanese flags were flying.
I tasted the flavor of alcohol at sixteen.
I'm sure that Tom would be willing to do that for you.
How many idioms have we studied so far?
They said they felt terrible.
His co-worker is English.
Tom may have died without ever waking up.
Tom crouched down behind the boxes.
I was afraid to go into the cave.
Was this basement thoroughly searched?
Insomnia is a lifestyle disease.
He had no intention of waiting for three hours.
I haven't eaten supper yet.
They think Tom followed Mary home and killed her.
Tom wasn't impartial, but Mary was.
Where are Tom and Mary supposed to go?
Don't make me ground you.
He got evaluated.
She got in her car and left.
You don't believe everything you hear, do you?
Tom tried to stop smoking.
I mopped the floor.
We now live in a world where a nation can contain more cell phones or computers than it does people.
They always extend kindness to their neighbors.
Around 29% of Okinawans live to be a 100.
I don't want to be seen.
You dropped a bookmark.
I have to find somebody to help me do that.
Why's nothing happening?
Tom and Mary aren't Canadians.
Until yesterday, I had never heard Tom play the cello.
Sami had his cup in his hand.
Tom says he knows why Mary didn't win.
Tom helped me carry my suitcases.
Tom and Mary didn't shake hands.
There are about 1000 students at our high school.
Bejaia and Tlemcen are two of Algeria's heritage towns.
Mary did her own research.
I want to know what's behind it.
He put some food in front of her.
Pack what you need.
This is the room where the body was found.
There are a lot of places to see in Hokkaido.
Are the Giants playing tonight?
Would you tell me what's going on here?
I am an ardent believer in pacifism.
Tom wears bi-focals.
Let's talk in the study where it's quiet.
Tom said that he felt fine.
It isn't far from here to there.
Tom can't do that tomorrow.
We passed the evening away talking with our friends.
I'll have to do that someday.
What's the matter with you? Are you nuts?
Sami and Layla were talking for hours.
His apprehension greatly hinders his progress.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about that.
I think Tom might get hurt if he tries to do that.
What colour is this cat?
You offered Tom a gift, didn't you?
She's a pro, isn't she?
She works as a nurse at the hospital.
My things are all in a jumble.
Show her the magazine.
Traveling to the southern states during the winter will be costlier than it is now.
Tom lives close by.
We'll see each other at 5 in front of the laboratory.
You simply don't understand me.
Sami was checking his tires.
It's really important to me.
Mary looked like she was trapped.
She went into the kitchen to see who was there, but there was nobody there.
I wish I could afford to rent it!
You've given me too much change.
Don't give up hope, Tom.
Everyone liked us.
You can never really know anything.
The fighting lasted about three months.
Tom is a cute kid.
He asked me if he could hold my hand.
The Kremlin moved to extend the lockdown nationwide.
I haven't talked to Mary since she and Tom got divorced.
Ten days passed by.
Tom isn't planning to stay.
The wood grain in Brazilian rosewood is beautiful.
Layla wasn't supposed to be the one to say "I love you" first.
Tom said he wasn't afraid of snakes.
Tom seems to actually be enjoying himself.
I'm getting ready for my trip to Italy.
That store is open all year.
We're in trouble.
I wanted Tom to try harder.
How about doing that tomorrow?
I'm sure you'll love this Berber dictionary.
I'm dying to see you tonight in any event. Please come over by seven.
What time is it in Boston now?
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
That isn't the main reason why Tom wants to do that.
Sami and Layla just started to date.
Tom has a Blu-ray player.
He left without saying anything.
That rumor spread quickly.
Tom babysat Mary's children Monday night.
Stop trying to make me feel guilty.
We watched Ukrainian movies with subtitles in Esperanto.
The man had a punctured lung.
I have a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow.
You should put aside some money for a rainy day.
Tom will likely be too scared to say anything.
If you don't like Tom, just try to avoid him.
Tom is the only one who didn't have to do that.
Music is to the soul what gymnastics is to the body.
Let me know what happens.
Faith works miracles!
I'm pretty sure I could do that.
Tom's and Mary's bicycles were blue before they painted them red.
Tom heaved a sigh of relief.
Tom wanted to live close to nature.
She won the debate hands down.
They only sell processed foods in that store.
I thought Tom would be afraid.
"Will you lend me a pen?" "I don't have any."
Tom admitted that he had assaulted his wife.
I know that Tom didn't know that you didn't want to do that.
Tom seemed pretty sleepy.
Sami started looking a little bit freaked out.
The evil robber in the county who did all kinds of evil bandits is under arrested today, the locals are all happy to hear this, spreading the good news and celebrating for this event !
I don't think that's very likely to happen.
Tom doesn't want anything.
Sami locked himself in the bathroom to smoke a blunt.
Tom said that Mary was excited.
A plainclothes police officer arrested Tom.
They are the target market for this product.
Do you offer any other services?
Is it time to go?
Strangely, she has suddenly vanished.
Tom treats me like a princess.
When he caught sight of him, he turned pale.
I give water to the dog.
I didn't know Tom didn't like Mary.
I just don't like any kind of sports.
Sami screenshot Layla's e-mail and e-mailed it to Farid.
Tom couldn't lift Mary's suitcase.
If you don't give anything, you won't have anything.
I'll get ready.
Mennad shouldn't try this at home.
I think you should ignore Tom's remark.
I guess it depends on the weather.
She went away to Italy.
Tom and Mary said that they were irritated.
Mary drew a picture of her house.
She felt like going to Tohoku again.
I thought it was Monday today.
Can Tom and Mary do that for us today?
Tom and Mary have gone hunting.
I'd be glad to go to Australia with you.
Dania loved being a mother.
What do you want to do with that?
She's a good chess player, isn't she?
Tom gave Mary a copy of the book he wrote.
There are people who think humans didn't go to the moon.
He turned his violence against himself.
The factory produced ten finished articles an hour.
However much you try to dress it up, office work can be quite tedious.
Do you have coronavirus symptoms?
Tom slowly walked backwards.
I haven't finished that job yet.
A thermocline is the transition layer between warmer mixed water at the ocean's surface and cooler deep water below.
Skura was upset about that.
She is human.
You've known Tom a long time, haven't you?
I am crying because I’m sad.
I don't like lying to him.
He is absorbed in scientific work.
Mary told Tom she wasn't busy.
Mennad said he was feeling fat.
Is the post office still open?
I brought you a Kabyle dress.
You are already an adult.
The pain of Sami's loss is still fresh in Layla's heart.
Do it Monday.
Tom told everybody he was ready.
I find his every word truly offensive.
How are we going to find Tom?
I think we're safe for a while.
I won the fight.
When I reached the hall right away the person in charge unrelentingly said things like "This painting is certain to increase in value in the future," and I went and signed the contract.
When was the last time you were in Australia?
He purchased land with a good view for building his house.
Tell Tom which one to take.
I know you can try harder.
I speak English, Russian and Globish.
You'll rue the day you wronged me.
I wanted to get up early to make them breakfast.
This camera is dutiable.
Put two blankets on the bed.
Mary wouldn't do something like this.
I usually do that at home.
Be careful. Don't throw away those papers.
I saw two guys kissing each other in the hallway.
Tom will call me around six.
Would you do me a favor, Tom?
What a beautiful girl she is.
Sami invited Layla to come chill.
Sami and Layla wanted to get together on the weekend.
These gloves belong to her.
Tom finally got the courage to propose to his girlfriend.
Tom came back in about thirty minutes.
I knew you were going to ask that.
Tom and Mary said that they've been forgiven.
Tom said that he'd help me get what I need.
I wish to buy an antipyretic.
I think you should look outside.
The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall have the Qualifications requisite for Electors of the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature.
There is a rumor that the radicals are plotting against the government.
Tom doesn't use a cane anymore.
Obviously, she's sick.
Do you want another glass of fruit punch?
Australia is both a country and a continent.
I'm not too tired.
Tom is a book lover.
Tom cried as he read the letter from Mary.
Taste buds are very useful.
I'm sure that Tom will cry.
Tom took care of Mary's children while she was in Australia.
They're all barefoot.
I sent Tom back home.
I thought a lot about what Tom said.
Yanni has a car garage.
I thought we were going to do this together.
Tom was very much involved in his work.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help Mary.
I didn't know Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom was unwilling to do what we wanted him to do.
The news of the accident was sent out at once over the radio.
Southerners didn't like people from the North.
That's not what Tom wants you to do.
The Quran demands this.
Please talk to Tom.
From Germany, we move to Algeria.
She comes from France.
I knew that Tom was a Canadian.
Following this class's instruction, you will develop a comprehensive perceptive of Japanese.
"This is my sister." "Your sister?" "Yes." "She's beautiful!"
You were kind to help me.
He's having Berber classes in this school.
How would you describe the culture of your workplace?
You still don't do that, do you?
Tom became a successful reporter.
I'm not a very good chess player.
I'm not thinking about it.
Is that a son or daughter?
She said that she was dying.
I saw a house in the distance.
I didn't know you cooked.
Tom died in his sleep last night.
Let us know how we may be of service to you.
Tom locked eyes with Mary.
It is better that you should know the truth.
English is useful in diplomacy and tourism.
Some things are personal.
Berber genes have dispersed throughout North Africa, the Sahara, and the Iberian Peninsula.
Tom refuses to buy anything new.
Russian is a Slavic language.
Tom didn't even open the letter he got from Mary.
Tom isn't a French teacher.
Tom and Mary have finally decided that they have to go to Boston.
We have our differences.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she didn't have to.
Tom got very concerned.
His singing is very good, but he plays the guitar just as well.
I didn't know Tom would get injured.
Tom and Mary said that they had nowhere to go.
I didn't mean to make you nervous.
I didn't see Tom talking with Mary.
Algeria seems to be allergic to direct foreign investment.
The king was tired of his sycophants always praising him, so he sent them away.
I want to hear about your plans.
I don't want to look stupid.
Can you tell me where I can find a hospital?
I'm ignoring Tom.
Tom became much more relaxed.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is dead or alive.
What should we do apart from getting outraged and protesting?
I promise that tomorrow will be better.
It's Monday today and it will be Tuesday tomorrow.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary didn't need to do that.
This mango is sweet.
Mary said she's prepared to help me.
It looks fun.
2013 was a bad year.
This is water.
Tom was killed with a poisoned arrow.
I think we have enough food to feed everyone.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be depressed.
Pooping on the floor was a disqualifying event for the dog of the month award.
I've never been on TV.
Tom isn't fond of nicknames.
You can catch COVID-19 from kissing­.
I think Tom is somewhat curious.
Can you tell us what's going on?
She's going to have to do that herself.
It would've been better not to say anything.
Are you convinced this is the right thing to do?
She's better looking than me.
Try to reproduce the music in your mind.
The capital of the Ukraine is Kiev.
It's a red card!
The rain in Sevilla is a marvel.
She said that she wasn't happy here.
Sami shared his cookies with us.
I want Tom to eat lunch with me.
That's an original idea.
I thought I had the right to fire anyone I wanted to.
Tom and Mary are playing football.
You'd better see a dentist at once.
Tom couldn't find the kind of job he wanted.
I don't know if I can keep her much longer.
Mary killed herself yesterday.
I ate rice porridge in the morning.
These are the results we've been waiting for.
What caused such a great rebellion?
Where did he find his key?
He didn't feel that he was ready.
I don't know exactly when Tom plans to get here.
I've been saving these for you.
Sami tricked Layla.
Can you help me across the street?
I think I would like to talk with Tom about this before making a decision.
Sami probably didn't have an ounce of feelings for Layla.
I don't understand that logic.
I met Mary yesterday.
It is still immoral.
You should come tonight to try it out.
Mary gets frustrated when her colleagues do not recycle.
Tom offered Mary a drink.
It doesn't take very long.
She then related everything that had occurred, her running to Dorcon, his ordering her to pipe those notes which his cows were accustomed to obey, and finally his dying at her feet. She only forgot or purposely omitted to mention the kiss that she had given him.
The story is based on his own experience.
We know what happened next.
Her financial support is indispensable to this project of ours.
How was the picnic last weekend?
Tom is likely to still be supportive.
Layla covered herself up.
I didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really has to do that again.
I think that everybody did really well.
He derives his income from writing books.
Sami was out with a friend.
We could meet downtown. Would that be convenient for you?
Could you give me a toothpick, please?
Tom is on hold.
I looked hard at Tom.
He who looks for excuses doesn't have any chances for success.
Having twice failed, William wouldn't like to try again.
He said that he wasn't so sure.
Mary said she thought Tom didn't like John very much.
She put on her glasses.
When you hear two rings on the phone, that will be the signal that I'm leaving.
I can't believe that she did it to me.
She refused.
They bought what they needed.
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.
She says she's looking for him.
They call each other names.
I wonder what Tom will do with his old motorcycle.
Tom isn't overweight, but Mary is.
I'm more confused than before.
He disposed of the trash.
Tom and Mary had a big fight.
She must be missing him.
My friend talks too much and she's driving me crazy.
I correspond with many friends in Canada.
She left school two years ago.
Good morning, everybody.
Here's a list of what we need to get.
Tom and Mary told John that they were concerned.
Tom said he talked to Mary this morning.
I consulted with my father about the plan.
That tambourine is broken.
I don't think I'll make it to school on time.
I'm sociable.
Sami wouldn't talk to Layla for weeks.
I don't understand what Tom is trying to say.
We were merry.
Tom and I've been close friends for many years.
Within a week, Fadil was dead.
I want to know whether Tom can swim or not.
Tom doesn't do that as well as he should be able to.
Tom will want to know you're here.
Layla killed Sami and then fled.
Can you recommend to me a place to stay in London?
You'll love this.
Tom lived to be 90 years old.
I think it's happening again.
Sami knows when Layla is lying to him.
Both Tom and I are thirty.
It's close but that's not exactly what I had in mind.
Tom wasn't at all keen to stay in the castle, which he'd heard was haunted.
Can we talk to her directly?
They think that they're found the answer.
He was afraid he'd lost his key.
Stay standing just like you are now.
What do you usually do in the morning?
They were fake.
Tom came back yesterday morning.
I stumbled backwards.
Would you please turn down the TV a little?
Sami would do that all the time.
I need a sincere girlfriend.
I like to remind my mother of those days.
My favorite word in German is the word for "glove".
I don't think we should do that the way Tom told us to.
You're a lot taller than Tom.
Sami was sued by the IRS.
Once in a while he tells strange things.
He sleeps on his back.
I can't put up with the noise any longer.
Nowadays, this is not like this anymore.
What are you calling me for? I'm just about to enter the competition.
Tom won't likely be able to win.
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.
Tom is probably about thirty.
Let's follow her.
We're completely lost.
I thought that as well, in my younger days.
My husband and I are going on Sunday to see the ballet, Carmen, performed by the National Ballet Company at the Four Seasons Centre.
Tom does as many sit-ups as years he is old every morning.
Did you see who did it?
Do you think that you can beat me?
She left her children with him.
Tom is fortunate that the storm didn't damage his house.
Fish were falling out of the clear blue sky!
He's making tough decisions.
I hope that that works.
Sami asked the cab to drive in circles for an hour.
No harm shall befall thee.
I bet it isn't the first time Tom has done that.
I talked to Tom just the other day.
It's not a good car, but it's a car.
"Why's he always like that?" "It's his shtick."
We ate at the restaurant for ten euros per person.
What did Tom suggest you buy?
I didn't know I was supposed to be here on Monday.
She is a brilliant scholar and is everywhere recognized as such.
Tom knew Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom is a much better saxophonist than Mary.
I lived there for three years.
What are the advantages and drawbacks of this method?
There is a large hole in the wall.
What do Tom and Mary usually eat?
Diversity is good.
What is it like to be a Muslim in the United States?
Where is my jacket?
She told all her friends the news.
Let's look around and see if anybody's in the park.
Tom read the letter he got from Mary to John.
I felt relieved when all the troubles were taken care of.
She is very healthy.
Tom and Mary aren't very likely to travel together.
Do you want to marry me?
They drink a good deal of tea in England.
The tail of a fox is longer than that of a rabbit.
Tom sat with Mary, holding her hand.
May I present Mr Johnson to you?
Mary said that she didn't really have to do that.
We must always aim high.
You really suck.
My wife and I are planning to visit Australia next month.
Sami knows Layla is pissed.
We've caught them.
What makes you depressed?
Tom is my type of guy.
Mary is at her desk eating a sandwich.
Tell Layla that I love her.
They say that they aren't afraid of ghosts.
People say that he's still alive.
I don't believe I've heard that name.
You did not learn about people from Star Trek.
I know Tom knows I didn't have to do that.
This bus is going to Minsk.
Tom is likely to still be embarrassed.
I lived in Australia before I moved to New Zealand.
Tom has moved to the country and started farming.
Social media have made us more densely networked than ever. Yet new research suggests that we have never been lonelier and that this loneliness is making us mentally and physically ill.
Among very old dogs, up to two thirds of them show signs of dementia.
Did Mary do that on her own?
That experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
I was never given the chance to do that.
It's a risk we have to take.
All she does is complain.
Tom didn't seem to want to do that today.
Me and a few friends are drinking wine.
Tom is a Canadian basketball player.
He's digging his own grave.
Tom stole my clothes.
Did you have to do it?
Tom said we should rehearse more.
Tom doesn't want to sell his house, but he has to.
I left Tom a gift.
Tom was talking to Mary with a smile on his face.
We have to pass this legislation.
Tom was a foster child.
She pushed the panic button when she heard the news.
Tom's brother is my sister's boyfriend.
Any goods can be supplied at a day's notice.
Tom could be after your job.
Mary doesn't necessarily have to go there by herself.
You still don't like Australia, do you?
We're planning to go tomorrow.
Keep calm and be mature!
I doubt if doing that will be hard.
Bill is skillful in arguing and debating.
He just needs to rest.
To stand out from other job applicants, you could make a cover video instead of writing a cover letter.
Tom said that Mary thought that he might not have to do that today.
What a miser you are!
Trust me on this one, Tom.
I wish everyone would just go away.
He put on his socks.
We have a lot of competitors.
I berated Tom.
Sami had early stages of hypothermia.
You can't always win.
I like Czechoslovakia a lot.
She's a bit dopey.
The rich and powerful love it when the powerless are blamed for society's problems.
I would like to be reimbursed.
Men aren't always what they seem to be, but rarely are they something better.
He walked over to her and kissed her.
Tom never knew that Mary lived on the bad side of town.
Tom is serving some customers.
Tom seemed like a great guy.
All the salesmen and saleswomen are striking next week.
I wonder whether Tom is really satisfied.
Tom is in big trouble now.
When a man cries, he is strong. When a woman cries, she is being hysterical.
What? You say that last week you saw two beavers playing ping-pong with their big flat tails?
Mary said that she wasn't to blame.
Tom never should've gotten promoted.
Tom isn't supposed to do that.
Diana came over, dressed in HER second-best dress and looking exactly as it is proper to look when asked out to tea.
That was true for Tom, too.
I'm busy and can't do that.
Water skiing is a lot of fun.
In this kind of the situation, it is preferable to remain calm.
Tom told me that he wasn't going to wait for us.
I thought Tom was good at speaking French.
He hid his grief behind a smile.
Mennad became a little more famous.
Ask Mary what she wants to do.
Start right now, and you'll catch up with them.
I promise that I'll come to your party.
Sir, you are not allowed to park your car here.
The carts were being loaded.
I'm not a very good songwriter.
Tom is going to call you tonight.
The rain water is evaporating on a hot day.
Tom is the one who suggested doing that.
There were blood stains on the shirt that the police found under Tom's bed.
I hated lying to Tom.
That's the point I'm making.
We're going to die.
I don't think that this is such a big deal.
Tom has to work every day after school.
Tom eats rice every day.
I have to do my laundry today.
Let's not talk about money, okay?
In his opinion Brasilia was a failure in many ways. The city did not turn out the way the planners intended and is not thought of very highly by either its own inhabitants or other Brazilians.
I'll come at three o'clock if it is convenient to you.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was courteous.
The defendants will please rise.
I wish that there were a French translation of this book.
And if he take another wife for him, he shall provide her a marriage, and raiment, neither shall he refuse the price of her chastity.
If it’s sold out, then just forget it.
During the war, they melted down a lot of bells.
There are several ways to arrange it.
I'd really appreciate it.
You, John, know many countries.
Sami has a large following on Facebook.
I'm afraid that Tom won't be able to come.
I should've told Mary that I didn't want to go to Boston with her.
She had lost all hope after the death of her husband.
Tom won't allow you to do that.
I need a Berber dictionary.
Sooner or later his luck will end.
What are your kids doing?
He was also weird.
I can't give you an immediate answer for that.
He was on that train.
The pigeons were all poisoned.
I think Tom will forget to do that.
Tell Tom I'm coming back.
When was the last time you went to the mall?
Tom said that he probably isn't going to do that.
I have started learning Berber a few weeks ago.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
You prayed that your daughters would forgive you.
I speak Toki Pona.
You're hiccupping again.
Would you talk to him?
I just don't have time. Really, I'm going.
For everything to stay the same, everything must change.
Disaster was just a matter of time.
Sami was still nowhere to be found.
She didn't drink the milk.
Was this letter written by Mary?
There are three pencils here.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was strong.
Sami is up there.
Why do you think Tom didn't want to do that?
Do you usually study after dinner?
I take great interest in history.
There is no room for reconsideration.
I find that frankfurters have much more taste than wieners.
He was shy.
We're raising the Algerian flag.
This shirt is clean.
Tom still hasn't taken out the garbage.
We have to get rid of her.
A view of the scan is transmitted to the visor inside the augmented reality helmet.
Tom said that Mary was the last one to do that.
You don't seem to be as gullible as Tom seems to be.
Tom and Mary are doing that together.
Were you speaking French?
They will carry you.
The past days don't determine what will happen in the new year.
I knew that Tom didn't like doing that.
I don't think that Tom has much money in the bank.
How many golf balls did you buy?
She told me that she was dying.
It is rude to point at others.
No one greeted Tom.
My brother is a well doer. He was just at the wrong place at the wrong time.
I told Tom to lose some weight.
You're supposed to be in Boston.
It wasn't us.
Are you calling from the office?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to solve the problem.
They felt like they could do it.
Brazil needs more doctors.
Mary said that she'll probably win.
Tom found the drawer empty.
Who's shorter, you or Tom?
I plan to be back in Boston Monday morning.
Dogs aren't allowed in this building.
She introduced me to her parents.
He did it by unfair means.
That really doesn't seem possible.
Mary knew that she couldn't do what Tom was asking her to do.
I don't think that Tom will be furious.
Tom wouldn't murder anybody.
I don't want this night to end.
All of Algeria's islands are uninhabited.
I can't let Tom do that by himself.
I can't forgive him.
Tom told us to be quiet.
How did you get home yesterday?
Before you can change the world, first you have to change people.
Take him to a doctor.
Sami listens to Christian music.
Tom and Mary don't waste any time, do they?
Sami bought Layla drinks.
Tell me, where were you born?
Algeria needs more hydropower plants.
Tom and Mary are making themselves something to eat.
Mennad doesn't cry.
Sami started talking about this experience.
Mennad is going to fix that.
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.
Tom bought an expensive toy for his cat, who then proceeded to spend hours playing with the box it came in.
Sami decided to quit smoking weed.
I don't think that Tom is as rich as most people think he is.
Tom didn't realize that I should do that.
Sami tried to shake Layla but she didn't wake up.
We should do something this weekend.
Take a glance at the mirror.
His dog bit him playfully.
Why didn't anyone come?
I'm really happy for you, Tom.
A man's worth lies in what he is rather than in what he has.
I want this woman out now.
Would you all like some peanuts?
Mary said she probably wouldn't be at home on Monday.
He stopped and cleared his throat.
He can't go to the mosque.
There's no way Tom can save up enough money in one year to buy a house.
She will not be ready.
Sami gave Layla a warning.
Tom let Mary know that he wouldn't do that.
I thought that you weren't finished doing that.
I want to make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I think Tom and Mary are still depressed.
Sami was sitting at the kitchen table.
My cursive is incomprehensible, which is why I print when I write.
I didn't know that your uncle lived with you.
We went to his rescue.
Tom has found a way to do it.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't feel well today.
Didn't you know Tom played the oboe?
He obviously knew more than he told his wife.
I'm not saying you have to explain it all to me right now.
Tom asked if I liked Boston.
I thought that you'd be taller.
Weren't you amused?
It's going to be tight.
He married my cousin.
I know that Tom isn't a coward.
I have to use the restroom.
I know that Tom did that just to get some attention.
The question is perhaps too complex for you.
Is he married or single?
Tom said Mary wouldn't do that either.
Tom died after a long illness.
Tom is likely doing that right now.
She told us she wouldn't do that.
I hate Tom's hat.
Tom asked Mary if she could speak French.
Mennad has an appointment for this afternoon with Dr. Ziri.
Tom is doing fine in school, isn't he?
I have clearly demonstrated that you've lost the argument.
When she was a kid, Mary used to take great delight in dressing her little brother up as a girl.
Tom let out a deep breath.
It's our duty to pay attention to the law.
We are subscribed to the Asahi paper.
Tom started to drift off to sleep.
Tom and Mary worked together for three months.
It seems that the pills I took earlier were effective.
I was hired.
Tom's diabetic.
I have the feeling I've already seen this movie.
Tom will visit Mary tomorrow.
Tom doesn't tend to get emotional.
He told me that he wants to win.
Tom can't go shopping today.
Tom hasn't ever waited for anybody.
I am in pursuit of points.
I opened the cage.
Tom is a gifted pianist.
Ask Tom to call me.
The soldiers set fire to the barn.
He made me sing on the stage.
I don't know exactly when Tom will get home.
He learned Berber when he was a child.
I left early to catch the first bus.
Tom didn't feel up to going out.
I thought you said that I could count on you.
Tom could have and should've done something.
He was able to learn Berber.
Sami shot Layla through the right eyebrow.
I knew Tom was almost always at home on Monday, so I went to see him last Monday.
They entered the room.
Will you give me some time?
Learning collocations is one step towards sounding like a native speaker.
I'm not sure, but I think that Tom wants to be a teacher.
They substantiated their claim by producing dated receipts.
One explains the other.
Fadil waited for Layla at home.
Stop being so inflammatory.
Tom kept a pet python in his apartment.
Those boots are Tom's.
You're too old for me.
He texted me in Berber.
Tom and Mary put on their wetsuits.
The boy pays visit to his grandmother.
The way Tom did that was pretty cool.
We tell each other everything.
Tom promised that he would tell us.
Tom and Mary looked like they were embarrassed.
In case you want, I will do it.
Tom, can you show Mary how to use the scanner?
Tom should've been helping me.
Both Tom and Mary were staring at me.
Sami could see what was going on.
Little Tom locked himself in the bathroom and couldn't open the door.
What do Japanese students usually eat for lunch?
We've got to tell someone.
I'm not sure whether I have the time to do that.
No holocaust must ever happen again.
Tom and Mary told me they had to leave.
We're getting more tourists.
A punt play is less common in American football than a pass or running play.
Tom dropped me off at school on his way to work.
It's a risky plan.
Don't leave me alone with them.
Numbers don't stick in your mind, pictures do.
Sadly, some of us are wretches and have to suffer eternally.
I'll explain it to you later.
Come again?
They need to get all those people out of here.
I can still remember a few words in Spanish.
Guess where I've been.
I asked Tom and Mary why they were in Boston.
Maybe he was in an accident?
Tom spent his thirtieth birthday in a coma.
She hates you, it seems.
Even the brightest student couldn't solve the problem.
And Pharaoh said: The people of the land are numerous; you see that the multitude is increased; how much more if you give them rest from their works?
Does Tom need to leave now?
Tom and Mary stared down at their feet.
Tom isn't Mary's son.
I'm just going to lie down for a minute.
When was the last time that you and Tom worked together?
Tom is a member in good standing.
What's Tom's grade point average?
Improper grounding can make a microphone lethal to touch. Several singers have actually died this way.
I thought that Tom wouldn't enjoy traveling with me.
Mennad, an investigative journalist, is obsessed with unsolved murders.
Sami hasn't been over in a while.
I didn't know you were planning on doing that while you were here.
I thought that it was funny.
I realized later that the person I was talking to wasn't Tom.
Tom could tell that Mary wanted to leave.
It's very hard to understand you.
Tom makes millions of dollars a year.
I couldn't get warm enough.
Sami picked up his phone.
Children should not have more money than is needed.
Tom didn't seem to understand me.
We have no quarrel with you.
I'm still at the neighbor's house.
Tom can swim better than anyone else I know.
They were scolded by the teacher.
I forgot you were Tom's wife.
Tom only thinks about money.
No one seems to be very afraid.
Sami learned that.
He drinks his tea without milk.
I auditioned for a show and was cast as Rapunzel.
I got tired of waiting and went home.
After the fight, they lost contact entirely.
Tom is in a bad mood, isn't he?
"Shall we dance?" "Oh, no. I don't know how to dance."
Tom has already been told he should do that.
Your business is doing quite well, I hear.
Water was supplied from outside.
I only went downstairs for 5 minutes.
Who's the man that's leaning against the gate?
I hadn't intended to stay this long.
Venus is the second planet from the sun.
I cannot stand his comments.
Humour has justly been regarded as the finest perfection of poetic genius.
There isn't anyone in this place.
Walk softly.
What's right is right.
I can make that happen.
I guess sooner is better for you.
Buy canned fish at the store.
Please read it again.
I can't imagine that.
I don't want to wait till the last minute.
Tom is convinced that he needs to do that.
Mary isn't a cat person, is she?
I didn't think you'd be so late.
Sami and Layla were having a good time.
Do you think you could do that tomorrow?
Giraffes run fast.
If it rains tomorrow, I will not be going.
Can you help me to work out the adverbial forms of all these verbs?
Don't worry. You'll get married sooner or later.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't done everything he was supposed to have done.
He is absent from school because he is ill.
The sentence seems fine to me.
I am looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
That almost happened to us, too.
Those who know me know I can't do that.
This residential area is comfortable to live in.
Mary is turning thirteen, isn't she?
Tom is the one who found Mary's key.
The next song I'm going to sing was written by Tom Jackson.
I showed Tom my paintings.
You can not believe a word he says.
Sami really wants to talk to that girl.
Tom doesn't think that would be the right thing to do.
I think that's not true.
It's unlikely that he did anything wrong.
Does your school have a baseball team?
Tom doesn't want us to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't have enough money to buy a house.
They extend kindness to their neighbors.
I wish the tower hadn't been under construction when we visited it.
Getting out of bed this morning was hard.
I should have done that myself.
Tom died a year ago.
I was already married at your age.
Progesterone is a female hormone.
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.
Sami locked the car doors.
I want to do that again.
Tom and Mary were happy until Alice came around.
You'd be stupid to trust her.
Everybody thought it was strange that he lived alone.
Germany is expecting about 1.5 million asylum seekers this year.
Tom entertained us by telling us some ghost stories.
She sniffed out his true intentions, huh.
He always keeps his promises.
He's a bald guy.
I can't get by without him.
There is a rotating restaurant at the top of this tower.
"Is it true that Mary's finished with Tom?" "Yeah. But we all know it won't be long before she makes up with him again."
This farm was owned by the Jackson family.
I didn't know Tom was Canadian.
The question is whether he can be trusted.
Tom was in a coma for three months.
Tom is looking for a new tenant.
We read newspapers so that we may not fall behind the times.
He isn't a diligent student.
This device doesn't work.
I don't think Tom should worry so much.
They armed themselves with guns.
"Thence sprang great Dardanus; there lies thy seat; / thence sire Iasius and theTrojans came."
I outwitted him.
Pieces of music played during the broadcast are faded out in the podcast.
I still believe we can get this done before 2:30.
Tom says he's too tired today to help.
We have all received one blessing after another from the fullness of his grace.
This word is really unpronounceable.
Tom and Mary are worried that they'll get lost.
Are you likely to get arrested?
They say that they're not afraid of ghosts.
You're smiling.
Don't let yourself control your life.
Does he wear glasses?
No matter which diet you choose, limiting your intake of carbohydrates is always a good idea.
It will soon be breakfast time.
Sami hoped and prayed.
I wonder whether Tom really told Mary she had to do that.
Would you please have a seat?
She doesn't have any friends.
May I escort you home?
The actor is nowhere near as popular as he used to be.
The seeds of that tree are yellow.
Mennad doesn't love Baya.
Were you courteous?
Tom wants to learn to waltz.
I don't know what Tom and Mary were thinking.
Why did Tom and Mary kill themselves?
Why don't we have enough food for everyone? I thought you went shopping this afternoon.
Could you please tell me where to put this?
Mennad had social anxiety.
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.
Tom told me he was planning to move to Australia.
Before the wedding the bridesmaids are expected to plan a bachelorette party for the bride.
Sami doesn't usually carry that much cash with him.
"They must have been ghosts," I said.
They went to the construction site despite the prohibition.
I don't want you to do that, Tom.
Tom is able to do that with one hand.
Sami couldn't take the pain.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that with John.
Both my wife and I are from Boston.
Tom's eyes are shut.
I am learning Aramaic.
Thanks in advance!
It's very bad, isn't it?
She made breakfast.
I'm afraid of owls.
They are singers.
I couldn't turn down the job they offered me.
The unexpected often happens in life.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were scared.
Did you know Tom didn't like Mary?
When we get there, we'll all probably die of cholera.
It was not until I left school that I realized the importance of study.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
It doesn't look like we'll get paid this week.
How can I find my G-spot?
Tom and Mary respect their parents.
U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to withhold funding to the World Health Organization is drawing criticism from world leaders, as coronavirus infections exceed 2 million worldwide.
There's not much chance Tom will do that.
I love this floral arrangement.
That's not going to fly with Mary.
I got robbed.
We're so happy.
She couldn't stand the heat in the train.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't eat all the potato chips.
They can't eat it all themselves.
We can save a little time if we do what Tom suggests.
Tom was Mary's only friend.
I hope there are some music clubs.
Tom didn't want the same thing to happen to Mary.
Tom must've spent a fortune.
We've known him for years.
It's what Tom would've wanted.
Tom wasn't the only one in the room that couldn't speak French.
She actually figured it out by herself.
She knew he couldn't do that on his own.
How often do you stay up past 1:00am?
Zoom in on the face of that guy.
They were sitting on the sofa in our living room.
Tom has got a lot to deal with.
I like strawberry ice cream.
Tom told me that he hoped Mary would be cooperative.
She acceded to our demands.
I took my family to Kabylie.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
They took off their caps.
Sami started reading about Islam.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
They said they were very intrigued.
As a result of borrowing, this word is found all around the world.
Tom and Mary got hurt when they fell down.
Layla was stung by a jellyfish.
I don't think that Tom knows why Mary is scared.
This is undoubtedly the best country in the world.
Tom will do that tomorrow, too.
Sami was having inappropriate conversations with other women.
There's plenty of coffee.
He admitted that he'd been wrong.
There's not much difference between the way men do that and the way women do that.
Why is Tom standing?
Sami doesn't need your help.
I almost passed out from the heat.
Sami let Layla watch TV with him.
Mammeri's novels is a gift to all of Algeria.
Layla is also a kindergarten teacher.
To behave like that, he must be out of his mind.
I think there's something that you're not telling me.
The eagle is white.
I talk to myself a lot, but there's no need to worry.
You're nosy, aren't you?
I didn't receive any notice.
You need to go on a diet.
I doubt very seriously that Tom will win the race.
I think Tom doesn't agree with you.
I've been doing that since October.
Tom isn't sure that Mary can speak French.
He is far better off now than he was five years ago.
Is this your first trip abroad?
I was surprised when Tom admitted he was the one who had stolen my wheelbarrow.
Does anyone still have a question?
Tom and Mary are going to have to change.
Neither Tom nor Mary has dual citizenship.
Mary can join us if she wants.
I saw Tom flirting with Mary.
Sami worked at an Egyptian restaurant.
I remember that he said that.
It's a good cure for hangovers.
I got shot.
Is the bath ready?
What Tom said was impolite.
He has smooth hands.
How did you get this idea?
Today at noon we'll eat cherries from Italy.
There are only three women in this class.
Tom quickly realized his error.
The food was highly peppered.
Tom didn't argue with me.
Lao Gan Ma and I have a love-hate relationship.
He gave me clothes as well as food.
Sami unfortunately lives here.
The defendant pleaded guilty.
She expressed her feelings for nature in a poem.
Tom has at least one conviction for drunken driving.
I helped out.
Nobody told you where the meeting was going to be, did they?
I'm genuinely happy for her.
Everyone in my family is healthy.
Tom clipped his fingernails.
When it rains, the buses are late more often than not.
Dan decorated the walls of his room with racist symbols.
I've got to help Tom.
His grandmother is from Algeria.
Now that you are grown-up, you ought to know better.
You cannot be serious.
People who have lived, and grew up, in low-density suburban developments have a strong preference for that. They can't really envision a future that's substantially different than that.
Tom said that Mary can't win.
I like seeing you glad.
I thought that Tom was bluffing.
Back in the 1990s, Algeria had lousy infrastructure.
The weather is perfect today.
I've brought something for you.
She came to Japan seven years ago.
Tom read the book aloud to Mary.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss is despised, and in fact excommunicated, by anti-Zionist Orthodox Jews.
I was surprised that Tom needed to do that.
Sami was selfish.
I don't think I'll ever understand.
He spent his life studying Berber.
I don't feel up to running to the station.
Didn't you see her?
How long would it take us to get to the nearest beach?
I don't like Tom and I don't think I ever will.
Tom admitted that he let Mary win.
Do you remember who told you that?
She turned off the computer.
Nobody does it better than Tom.
I know that Tom is a hard worker.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that either.
The bus was too late.
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.
Tom hopes that Mary won't eat all the donuts.
In which street?
Oh no.
You'd make a good teacher.
Can jellyfish stings kill you?
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to help him do that.
Puns are often untranslatable into another language.
Have a beer with me.
Tom seemed to know who did that.
As the lion is king of beasts, so is the eagle king of birds.
I'm just getting used to it.
Tom and Mary have lots of things they need to buy.
I'm convinced my son is innocent.
The doctor examines the patient.
Tom walked to Park Street and then turned left.
We put too much faith in our intuition.
Baya would cry herself to sleep.
Last year, the biggest selling LP in Britain was Ed Sheeran’s “Divide” album.
Mary is pretty busy herself.
I tried to talk to you.
Tom was surprised Mary agreed with John.
The soap is finished.
Tom was awarded a lucrative contract.
Sami doesn't want you in his life anymore.
Have you learned all your classmates' names?
Tom seemed to have recognized me.
I go to the mosque every day.
When did I give you that?
Tom will go to the hospital.
The blood stream is usually constant and continuous.
She moved in to the new house.
Sami forgot to close the attic.
I used to have to do that for Tom.
I'm very glad I wasn't there.
Do you know which of okra and natto is more gooey?
I have a bad feeling.
Where did you work before you came here?
He doesn't speak French, does he?
What was in the room?
I see no problem with that.
I'm going with Tom tonight.
Sami and Layla started panicking.
Tom knows that he can always count on Mary.
Tom refused to listen.
That baby is fat and healthy.
Tom earned quite a lot of money last summer.
There's an error here.
Tom and Mary say they don't know if they have to do that.
I know that Tom is brave.
I'm joking.
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing, aren't you?
I think Tom would like Mary to do that for John.
If you look at a map of the world's volcanoes, you'll find that most of them form along the boundaries of this great system. In fact, the global mid-ocean ridge system forms the largest single volcanic feature on the Earth.
Tom has been living in Australia since he was a kid.
I need to do this three times a day for a month.
It's not as if Tom can't run fast.
She witnessed the crime.
Our passports were all we needed.
You need to stop pretending that you don't care.
Tom called during your absence.
Tom would love to read that.
It'll just be a moment.
Do Tom and Mary need help?
How long do you need?
He was eager to return to school in September.
Sami was living his best life.
I hope you're not offended.
Tom is somewhere in the stadium.
We'll all be together soon.
I postponed my trip because of the bad weather.
The man ran into the room wearing a boot on his head, shouted a bunch of gibberish, and promptly exited.
He said he saw that movie with her.
Tom won't be cooperative.
Tom's not my name.
Have you ever eaten chocolate-covered popcorn?
Tom doesn't believe he can do that.
Our method is working.
Tom said he decided it was too difficult to do.
I suspect Tom isn't alone.
Would you like to go to the butterfly house with me?
A bear has one of the keenest noses in the animal kingdom.
Sewage water is being treated in this town.
Tom can help you, too.
We have something else in common.
I can both sing and dance.
Sami was placed on probation.
I didn't think that you would do that.
She came to trust him.
Sami received a text and he had no doubt it was Layla.
Yuk, yuk!
Tom was looking forward to playing tennis with Mary.
Tom and Mary gave everything they owned away.
Something tells me I should've said no.
Tom and Mary weren't sure that they liked the plan.
What seems to be the problem here?
Lady Ashton lived to the verge of extreme old age, the only survivor of the group of unhappy persons whose misfortunes were owing to her implacability.
This view reminds me of my home town.
I want to remember all of this.
Will you be busy Wednesday night?
Sami added strawberries to the juice.
I told you that I would never give up.
Punctuality indicates a boring life.
We are ever brutal to those who love and serve us in silence.
She put up the new curtains today.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is.
I need you to tell me about the problem.
Avoid going to work.
Tom broke into Mary's hotel room.
I wonder if Tom is sad.
We shared the cost of the meal.
What would you say to that?
Tom doesn't understand why anyone would do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary want to buy one of those.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't bored.
Tom certainly didn't expect to inherit the house from his uncle.
When Tom described me Mary's appearance, he "left out" the fact that she is very very fat!
None of us is perfect.
Tom reached down and scratched his ankle.
Don't tip it over.
Tom has already decided where he wants to live after he graduates.
Mary said that she'd help.
Tom borrowed a car from a friend.
She was dismissed for loafing on the job.
That's what I've been trying to tell you.
Mary is sick, so she can't help us today.
A cup of coffee for me, please.
I don't really care what happens.
Where is the rota?
I am going to play soccer tomorrow.
I wasn't asking your permission.
When will I get paid?
Why did you turn off the TV?
A good time was had by all.
I know Tom is a lot taller than I me.
Tom couldn't believe he'd just won the lottery.
I know both boys.
There is good fire from this coal.
Sami is arguing with Layla.
Tom is out in the garden, isn't he?
Whatever you do, do it as best you can.
She wanted a doll for Christmas in the worst way.
I don't know why Tom did it.
Some people say stepping on a worm makes it rain.
Tom and Mary did that as they'd been told.
A kilo of ketchup is equivalent to two kilos of tomatoes.
Tuareg swords are expensive.
Mary told me she was ready.
How many colors do you see in the rainbow?
You're unsophisticated.
This clinic doesn't even have an ambulance.
Tom didn't seem particularly busy.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do anything John asks them to do.
It's his.
The boy talks as if he were a girl.
We'll all die.
They said they slept well last night.
It was in the year two thousand.
I spent last Sunday relaxing at home.
Tom is going to handle that himself.
I don't think that Tom would be afraid of something like this.
Sweet life from mortals fled; they drooped and died. / Fierce Sirius scorched the fields, and herbs and grain / were parched, and food the wasting crops denied.
My grandmother on my mother's side lives in Osaka.
Tom walked into the room, carrying flowers.
I don't think anything will change.
Can I talk to for just a minute?
This ladder is metal.
Their kisses became more and more passionate.
Tom is in a bad mood right now.
I get depressed sometimes.
Nuja and Mira kept Skura posted.
Tom doesn't watch TV except on Saturdays.
Enter your name in the header.
This is the first time I've ever left my car without locking its doors.
You don't need to trust me.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," said Anne penitently.
I drank good beer.
Before you can board the plane, you'll have to go through airport security checks.
They told me few days ago.
How important are children to you?
In this section, the composer modulates to many different keys.
I wonder whether there's any possibility Tom will do that.
I exchanged seats with Tom.
Neither book is mine.
He must be OK.
Tom will take the bus.
They said they were really jealous.
Thus, we can point out the result in our discussion.
Mary wants me to help her this afternoon.
You need to check in.
This offer ends soon.
Let her do this.
I admit I wasn't sure.
How do I begin?
You would've gotten away with it if Tom hadn't seen you do it.
If the weather is good tomorrow, let's have picnic.
I still don't like your idea.
I thought Tom had died.
The moon's so bright.
Not many things are more pathetic than an arrogant fool.
Tom doesn't often get depressed.
They went well.
Tom has already started.
U.S. Army Capt. Charles Normington wrote that "each soldier had his arms full of French girls, some crying, others laughing; each girl had to kiss every soldier before she would let him pass. There is nowhere on earth I would rather be."
Is there anything unusual about that?
He announced that he would come at once and investigate the matter.
I have to go pee.
The house is five hundred years old.
She lives on another plane of existence.
I'll be going with you.
Tom is falling asleep.
I wonder if Tom still remembers how to do that.
Tom didn't know whether Mary would be able to do that or not.
I felt like reading the detective story.
She couldn't make herself heard above the noise of the crowd.
Can we build houses on Mars?
What sign are you?
Is there a free spot?
Take a moment and think about it.
I'm usually awake by 8:00 a.m.
I used to have one of those.
They said that they're sympathetic.
He does things for himself. He doesn't like to bother other people.
Could you give this to him?
That's a pretty big deal.
Keep on trying.
Tom seemed like a good kid.
Tom has always been quiet.
She is as young as I am.
Tom expects that Mary will help us.
Mary promised me she wouldn't tell anyone.
He went to a tailor in Algiers.
Very many religions promise life after death.
I know that Tom did that well.
Bob is a cool guy.
She knows where the house is.
I think I'll make a cake to take to Maria's party.
I know that Tom knows that you don't really have to do that.
I'm pretty certain that they're all for you.
Does Tom do yoga?
A lot of the products we buy are made by sweatshop workers or even slaves.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that.
They attained their aim.
Tom never did know when to quit.
Aren't you exaggerating a little?
Sami handed the bottle back to Layla.
We adopted them.
Tom thinks Mary needs to do that, but she doesn't really need to.
Tom has many pet turtles.
It won't be any problem to reschedule your appointment.
Those belong to me.
I do not make much of that discovery.
The dog chased the rabbit.
There are many Japanese restaurants in Boston.
I have three younger brothers.
Sami lived in a very safe area.
Tom cancelled at the last minute.
I know that Tom knew that he had to do that today.
I didn't tell Tom to take his umbrella with him.
The fifth column is beginning to leave Russia. The first four "columns" — leading intellectuals, scientists,
I want to know what I can do right now.
Tom didn't know you wanted to stay.
Do you like Spring or Autumn more?
Tom isn't feeling well today.
I think I can win.
Tom didn't want to lose any more money.
Don't believe her, Mary.
How much could I make a week working here?
Tom hates secrets.
He has the social skills of a wet mop.
Sami found everything he needed.
Mary said she knew Tom might not want to do that again.
I regret having been lazy in my school days.
Why is Tom selling his house?
Tom believes that Mary can win.
I'm extremely disappointed.
Would you please not smoke in this room?
We're going to go to Boston next.
They say they'll come right away.
I agree.
Is that Tom walking toward us?
Tom insisted that he had done nothing wrong.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
Tom didn't notice that Mary had left.
Basque may well be the most unusual language of Europe: it has an unconventional structure and is not akin to any other language, and just because of that it lends itself as a worthwhile field of research for linguists.
He's disgusting.
I doubt we'll be able prove it.
They lost their houses.
Tom is the perfect example.
What should I get Tom for Christmas?
Mary couldn't get her gloves on.
Cleaning out the rain gutters wasn't much fun.
He's not even aware that it bothers me.
Mary said she doesn't care at all.
Mary said that she could fix it.
With this upgrade, one obvious impact is that users will be obliged to reset their passwords.
The sea turtle laid its eggs on the beach.
I got Tom and Mary to admit they'd made a mistake.
Tom has an aunt who is in prison.
A unique fossil of a tropical plant was found recently.
I knew Tom was studying.
Tom and Mary say that there's nothing they can do.
The Stars must be kicking themselves for giving him the boot.
Tom said that he didn't want to eat anything.
Tom was the first to arrive.
He's a cold person like that.
Even she doesn't understand me.
The one who uses this toothbrush isn't my mother.
Children belong with their parents.
I felt his silence insulting me.
Tom and Mary are wasting time.
Tom promised to check things out.
They married in secret.
Tom is preparing a meal for us.
How did Tom take it?
I know that I'm crazy.
She goes to high school with him.
These are tears of joy.
I knew Tom was a better cook than I was.
Death is permanent.
Tom said he thought he could cheer Mary up.
Mary is a friendly person.
In Tom's autobiography, he grapples with his past.
I definitely needed to do that.
Sami doesn't know anything about the gay community.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John needed to do that.
Why was he living in the US?
Newton developed mathematical laws that explained how objects move on Earth as well as in space.
Catch your breath.
Sami's dog was in Layla's arms.
I knew that Tom would be happier if he did that.
Tom is in trouble. Can you help him?
Tom thinks Mary is my name.
We can prepare to offer you a special discount of 5% for the STL#3456, on condition that you place an order for more than 15 at one time.
They think that they can save the world.
I hope my mistake will escape his notice.
Sami is not supposed to mix alcohol with antibiotics.
The president's off-the-cuff remarks have gotten him into hot water.
Tom was shaken.
My bookcase is deep enough to take large dictionaries.
There's a lot of hypocrisy regarding that.
Mary says she never feels like doing that anymore.
I've read every book in the library.
He worked badly.
He loves rowing.
Tom was plowing.
Are you having a good time tonight?
Tom wondered how Mary managed to eat everything on her plate.
Tom doesn't need to be told that.
I found out what Tom and Mary were doing last night.
You ride your bicycle to work, don't you?
I am relieved that you are safe.
I couldn't shake off his hand.
This house has triple-pane windows.
Sami dumped that into the big trash can.
Tom tries.
He said that he felt woozy.
He is a man of wide experience.
It never occurred to me to take a picture of how the garden looked before we started pulling weeds.
The days shortened.
Tom took pictures of the squirrels.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary want us to do.
I don't think Tom will be ready.
A ball is floating down the river.
Tom is outside playing with his friends.
Tom is fun, isn't he?
I pretended I didn't understand French.
Didn't you know Tom moved to Australia?
Do you want to see me do that?
Sami was convinced that Layla was having an affair.
I want help.
Tell Tom I haven't forgotten him.
When did Tom buy his umbrella?
What kind of things do Tom and Mary do together?
Tom and Mary were expecting John to help them do that.
They misled me.
Do you have any idea who could be behind this?
I didn't know how to write that.
His family dates back to the seventeenth century.
I hope that continues.
I miss you, too.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourself.
The mission was unsuccessful.
The sun is about to sink.
How long will the procedure take?
Somebody came to see you this morning.
Tom is waiting for some of his friends to join him.
Tom and Mary are sitting at a table over near the jukebox.
You will eat lightning and crap thunder.
I don't think that I'm going to do that again.
Tom is a despicable person.
Tom is a rude person.
Tom said he didn't want to tell Mary that he lost so much money gambling.
I'm sure Tom misses Mary.
What's your favorite TV show?
Now I'm even more confused.
Tom was nearly killed himself.
Tom is in Australia, visiting his family.
I think Tom won't be ready.
I know Tom will allow you to do that.
People suspected Tom right away.
Sami is looking at the picture.
I studied Chinese in Beijing.
Tom and Mary deserve each other.
What do you think of her?
He is adequate for the post.
I can keep doing that if you want me to.
The garage was completely destroyed.
Parents should be role models for their children.
Did you think the book I gave you was very useful?
It would probably be impossible to do that by yourself.
She's afraid of me, isn't she?
Wine improves as it ages.
Revolutions that don't succeed are soon forgotten.
I was brought up in Australia.
It is good for the health to rise early.
I wish he would come!
Tom and Mary said they saw John waiting for the bus this morning.
Tom didn't need to apologize.
I told them what I thought of their plan.
Tom asked if he could speak French.
You had the beef, you the chicken, and you the potatoes. If we all fart at once, they won't be able to identify the culprit.
That's his girlfriend.
This is the perfect place for those who seek a quiet vacation.
Tom probably doesn't want to do that again anytime soon.
Did you ever have feelings for Tom?
I asked Tom how many guns he had.
The dictator tried in vain to get out of the awkward situation.
"This decision will save countless elephants from being ripped away from their families in the wild and forces to spend their lifetimes imprisoned in substandard conditions at zoos," the Humane Society International said Sunday.
Tom folded the napkin into a crane.
What mountain do you think is the second highest in Japan?
I've made many mistakes in my lifetime.
I hope you enjoy this next song.
How long has Tom been in Australia?
Do you want to do something about it now?
Today, I saw a star.
How much of this stuff is yours?
I think it's highly unlikely Tom will get custody of the kids.
Stop acting like a spoilt child.
Tom drives a black car.
Tom told his teacher that he had been sick, but that wasn't true.
Tom and Mary told me that they called you.
I don't think that you'd like it.
Are you blushing?
Tom and Mary say they don't really know where to go.
We have a good team and everyone knows it.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's sunglasses are.
Is that your new friend?
Mary took off her headset.
Have you got a cold now?
Don't you come to Australia three or four times a year?
Tom and Mary quarreled.
Tom called Mary to the telephone.
They took risks.
What colour is it?
The spoon I got was not as shiny as I expected it to be.
You can all help.
Sami thought of a plan.
Philip hates traveling for away games. He always gets really tired and never plays well.
Everyone seems to be happy but you.
I think Griffith conducts the orchestra brilliantly.
She's a good bass player, isn't she?
We're being pulled over.
I know why Tom hasn't done that yet.
He derived much money from his small business.
Tom and Mary said they understood why John didn't want to do that.
The airplane is capable of supersonic speeds.
Do you want to know why Tom quit?
The government is being mercilessly harried by a new lobby.
It is not easy to read.
I would so love to see you.
Tom asked the clerk if he could get an extension to submit his application after the normal deadline, but the clerk replied the deadline was calculated from the statutory period, spelled out in legislation, that neither the clerk nor his supervisors could override.
I didn't know that you were still a high school student.
Can I get some help here?
I believe that Tom and Mary are innocent.
I think Tom wouldn't be impressed.
There are people who
Tom hardly ever stays home on Saturdays.
I asked Tom and Mary to sing that song they used to always sing.
Mary filed a formal complaint.
They have old construction equipment.
Where did she park the car?
I'm the one who deserves to be promoted.
I can't leave her here.
I think you should get out of here.
I'll never speak to you again.
Tom advised me not to buy a used car.
Tom is a talented violinist, isn't he?
Tom said some things that didn't make sense.
I was just wondering if maybe Tom and Mary were the ones who started the fire.
Sami doesn't know how to control himself.
Tom is a landscape designer.
I'm not very clever.
He should go.
Mennad doesn't have to go to that party on the weekend.
All essays must be handed in on time.
I only had one sip of beer.
He behaved like he was afraid.
The hall was decorated with Japanese paintings.
Sami went to a meetup.
Mary is an aromatherapist.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that tomorrow.
Who's the person sitting next to Tom?
Sami's room is a mess.
He said that he'll talk to her.
Go to blazes!
In his business he cannot do without a car.
I'm not going to tell him.
Please feel free to express yourself.
I don't have any plans for Monday.
Sami and Layla weren't in a relationship at the time.
She cut her leg.
Tom sat on the floor, surround by a group of children.
I didn't think Tom wanted to spend any more time in Boston.
I didn't know you were going to let Tom and Mary do that.
Mary sat down and opened her shoulder bag.
He is thinking of starting another firm in Paris.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was absent.
Malcolm X's autobiography is a really powerful book.
I know that Tom doesn't know that I don't have to do that.
Please let me know the results by telegram.
Their relationship really started gaining momentum.
Keep your hands off my bike!
I know Boston well.
I'm going to check Tom out.
She doesn't have an email address?
Mary didn't seem to know what she was talking about.
Tom and Mary chased each other in circles.
A crocodile tore off her leg.
The telephone hasn't been installed yet.
There can be no human society without conflict.
The election of Donald Trump served as a rallying point for those who had long been trying to warn the public about America's slow descent into despotism.
Sami has to respect the way that Layla feels.
He was born an artist.
Yanni and Skura kept quiet.
Tom is a pharmacist.
I think that Tom would be able to do that if he put his mind to it.
Mary says she's not thirsty.
Tom is very sure Mary can win.
Tom and I thought we could do that by ourselves.
Don't put that away yet.
This lady is my teacher!
This bookcase is easy to assemble.
Why don't you go play with him?
I got home about midnight.
The male grouse performs elaborate dances in order to attract a mate.
I told you it wasn't her.
Tom told everyone that he was jealous.
Can anybody tell me Tom's phone number?
I'll call on him tomorrow.
Please lock the door when you leave.
I know what happened with Tom.
Tom is very naughty.
Do you cook just for yourself?
His classmates' jeers reduced him to tears.
Tom seemed to be unperturbed.
He's a reporter.
Tom pitched the third inning.
This is a big dog.
They did what they could.
I think she's in love with him.
Sami didn't find a public bathroom.
Judge Dan Anderson started questioning Linda.
I thought that Tom would be better at playing the flute than that.
Mary told me she was worn out.
No picture can do justice to the scene.
I don't want to discuss it.
I am to visit my uncle in Shizuoka next Sunday.
I gave the milk to the cat.
I should point out that it is necessary to re-examine the validity of Emmet's theory.
Mary is foolish, isn't she?
How wicked of you to say that.
Finland is called "Suomi" in Finnish.
Why do you think Tom isn't here?
Since she doesn't want to put on any more weight, she doesn't eat cake.
We won't be able to escape.
Her handwriting was so tiny it was barely legible.
Even the most beautiful rose will someday wilt.
He encourages his pupils to speak Berber at home.
Mennad's death was ruled a probable suicide.
Mary has a long drive ahead of her.
I'm delighted that it's all over.
She tried to tell the whole story.
I have a huge Berber language dictionary.
No one is capable of predicting the rage of nature.
I don't have time to help him.
Are you guys still sharing a place?
Tom didn't think it would happen.
How long did it take him to write this novel?
I don't think I'll go to college.
We're fighting against time.
Tom and Mary knew that they had no choice.
The brown dog ate the rabbit.
She's bruises on her right arm.
Give me a quick ring when you're at home.
I didn't think it polite to listen, sir.
Do you want to know a secret?
And I testify that this is the Son of God.
Why do you keep saying things you know aren't true?
Tom and I were the ones who should've left early.
He's obsessed by glasses.
Bullying won't be tolerated.
"I'm sorry for these circumstances" has ended up becoming quite a polite expression these days, hasn't it?
Can you call the writer?
They don't want to die.
They've arrested her.
He is a kind and nice fellow.
Tom thinks Mary won't have to do that.
Sami's mask was black.
Sami had to kill Layla.
I have everything I've ever wanted.
She tried to convince me to stay with her in Kabylie, Algeria.
Sami went to the mountains.
He is a good listener but a poor speaker.
When will we meet again?
Maybe you'd better go get Tom.
Where do you buy your dresses?
Tom managed to find a place to sit.
Tom is a real charmer.
Do you think that Tom might say no?
As Dorcon ceased speaking, Chloe gave him a farewell kiss, and with this kiss upon his lips he resigned his breath.
Being a prince is not easy.
Sami and Layla's affair turned into a raging wildfire.
Mary was wearing a bikini.
You can't just quit.
We aren't born knowing everything.
You don't seem to like me very much.
He was my first boyfriend.
When I had the symptoms of the flu, it felt as if I had been hit by a truck.
Which month is it now?
She got quite well.
Tom and I kissed each other.
He closed his eyes and fell asleep.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be afraid.
Sami's room was a bit larger.
Miss Cushing was sitting in the front room, into which we were ushered. She was a placid-faced woman, with large, gentle eyes, and grizzled hair curving down over her temples on each side.
I'm not as creative as I should be.
Mary said it was more difficult to do that than she expected.
My parents hate her.
Can you remember the first time you tried playing the clarinet?
He isn't old enough to go there by himself.
Sami was only twelve years old.
Tom committed many crimes.
What happened shocked Tom.
Do you want to go see a movie?
You have thirty minutes to make your decision.
They zipped up their leather jackets.
This is a Berber vocabulary book.
Tom married too young.
The plan was given up under the pressure of public opinion.
Tom needs encouragement.
Oranges signify a happy love while lemons symbolize an unrequited one.
This letter is the only key to the mystery.
Not all of us can speak English.
I didn't begin to study French until I was thirty.
He said that he wasn't very cold.
The islands became a republic in 1968, three years after independence.
I wish that you knew how to do that.
That's exactly what I expected to happen.
Tom is just a crazy old man.
Mary is lonely, isn't she?
My salary is much higher than yours.
It depends on the context.
He put his pajamas on.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.
Sami's focus was just on Layla.
No, the cat isn't small.
I had enough money to buy what I needed to buy.
She said she's sick.
I'll help him any way I can.
New Zealand is a grouping of islands in the South Pacific Ocean, southeast of Australia. It has a population of 4.5 million people.
I know who you're supposed to meet.
At this trial, the judge is very respected.
Children enjoy it.
Tom and Mary say that they're planning on going.
When you need help, who do you usually go to?
Are you keeping up with the latest developments?
I can't understand anything he's saying.
I think I understand the pressures you are under.
What does "getting to first base" mean?
Tom said he didn't remember what happened that night.
Don't pull my leg, tell me the truth.
Being Berber is not a crime.
Either you shit or you get out of the bush.
Spread Esperanto!
Sami lived in a nearby town.
I didn't know that Tom was good at French.
Tom should be back here by 2:30.
Tom is still as busy as ever.
Doing that with Tom was a mistake.
I'm not the only one who is tired of the work. She is, too.
Tom glanced at Mary.
A gardener was called in to design the garden.
I'll get you at the school exit.
Tom collects picture postcards.
Tom sold his old refrigerator to Mary.
I'm not sure why I did that.
They got up to put their jackets on.
My stars!
Tom is a decorated general.
Layla is causing problems.
Have Tom and Mary ever been in trouble with the law?
The soup is cold.
Can you believe what he said?
I am afraid of that dog.
Sami was carrying something.
Mary said she didn't expect that to happen.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have jobs.
Naima Salhi is known for her defamatory declarations.
He was mistaken.
I've thought about you lot.
So far nothing planned, but who knows.
And so you like this man's sisters, too, do you? Their manners are not equal to his.
Should Tom really be eating right now?
Push the door open.
I used all the energy I had.
Who else went with Tom?
It looks like Tom and Mary enjoy being together.
It was like a fairy tale.
She told me that she was a doctor.
The train was so crowded that none of us could get a seat.
At first, I failed the test.
I do not think that you should live in a country where people speak your goal language in order to be able to speak it, but certainly you need a real contact with the language in order to command it perfectly.
If you can't afford a lawyer, one will be provided for you.
I didn't catch my train, even though I ran all the way.
I thought that I heard voices in the next room.
Tom might go to Australia.
He had no more than 10,000 yen.
Tom is still young.
I'm already back in Boston.
What made you ask that question?
I need to tell Tom the truth.
I'm very busy these days.
He blamed himself for his death.
How many hours is the flight?
The pavements are carpeted with red leaves, and the air has the unmistakable smell of wet earth.
I was born in the south myself.
I'm helping Skura.
She's taking off her shoes.
Berber will have an ISO-639-3 code soon.
He is not an American, but he loves America.
I didn't know that's what we should've been doing.
Mary told Tom that she'd been waiting a long time.
She loved his ideas.
He picked up his books.
They are about the same age.
It is certainly feasible.
Mary gave birth to twins.
You're out of luck.
Tom said he's doing just fine.
I had an argument with them.
What did you just say to me, you little piece of shit?
The manager bestowed a trophy on him.
Where do you want the towel rack?
Let's save the environment!
I forgot to close the curtains.
Tom didn't know how many of his students needed help.
At what time will you do that?
Ask the policeman.
We didn't have enough time to finish what we were doing.
Tom wants to take over the world.
I thought that I was going to win the contest.
These sunglasses are very expensive.
He told me to do it.
"Mister"ing a tick? You're a funny kid.
Tom died a number of years ago.
Mennad is really tired.
How can you stand wearing such a heavy coat on such a hot day?
Mary's husband is three years older than she is.
Sami doesn't like Layla's approach.
If I were you, I wouldn't have done that.
Do you know why Tom stayed in Boston?
I'm very happily married.
I heard you might be in trouble.
Layla was finally done with her hair.
There's nothing that you can say that'll change my mind.
How could Tom have married such a woman?
How are we going to find him?
Why on earth would anyone want to do that?
He goes to work on foot.
May I take your coat?
They were wrong and I told them so.
How many weeks ago did you do that?
Please forgive me for not having written to you earlier.
My grandmother used to tell me pleasant fairy tales.
Sami made three appeals against his conviction. Each one was dismissed.
Sami hated rude customers.
Sami took Layla to dinner.
Mennad can't touch Baya.
Tom is going there alone, isn't he?
Mary is the author of a very famous yaoi manga.
The police suspect that the burglar got in through an unlocked window.
This place is really noisy.
We have every advantage over them.
I'd prefer to win, but I don't mind losing.
You don't know what it's like to be poor.
Sami made sexual advances to Layla's brother.
The lunch break is an hour long.
The weather is very bad.
I heard Tom muttering something in French.
That might not be a good idea.
Mississauga is an area of Ontario located in eastern Canada.
My father takes a walk in the park.
Tom and Mary are our friends.
Fadil texted Layla and let her know that the coast was clear.
I fell in love with a girl I met in Boston last year.
Tom's school results have deteriorated rapidly.
What actually happened?
It won't be easy to do that without some help.
How would you handle her debt?
Don't fish in this river. It is not allowed.
Sami has zero patience to people who are rude to him at work.
Who does Tom want to sing with?
They're doing a snow job on us.
He's never written a letter to her.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be glad to help me.
I'm going with her to Boston.
Tom was just happy to talk to someone.
It's hard to imagine a family more dysfunctional than ours.
We knew he had left before we arrived.
Mennad found out Baya was dating Ziri.
If you want to sit, bring yourself a chair.
I'll come back tomorrow if I can.
Someone is coming over.
Don't tell me you believe him.
I just don't want any of these.
Dear comrades!
You're not to lecture me.
Tom left empty-handed.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were cold.
Tom made sure everybody knew what they were supposed to do.
What a waste.
Tom and Mary may get fined if they do that.
I repaid him the money I owed him.
I've played chess since I was a child.
I couldn't say.
You've given three copies of the report to Tom already.
You should obey the traffic rules.
I know that both Tom and Mary have been arrested.
A moral person doesn't lie, cheat, or steal.
Write down your name with a pencil, please.
Tom told me he was going to Boston.
Tom is riding his bicycle.
It's a school holiday tomorrow, so I'm planning to go somewhere and have fun.
Why does she need to do this?
Tom should probably not have done that again.
Mennad is not rich enough.
I think that we'll have a good team.
I'm not wearing that stupid costume.
Mary says she's been injured three times.
She gave me a hard kick on my right leg.
He's screaming, not singing.
Let's find out who killed her.
I have a black belt in karate.
A group of children were playing.
Don't put me in the middle of this.
Oh, it's right over there.
I was a boy in my teens at the time of my father’s death.
If you're hungry, have something to eat.
Is the play still running?
Tom is an adult.
I think that everybody wishes that.
Who did Tom think I was?
He broke up with his girlfriend; that's why he often tries to kill himself.
Tom dressed up as a woman.
I told Tom what I want to do.
Why don't you tell me a little bit about yourself?
If I change key, I can't hold the pitch. It's better if we go with the original key, and I sometimes sing an octave lower.
This is what I believe: that all of us can be co-workers with God. And our leadership, and our governments, and this United Nations should reflect this irreducible truth.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was undecided.
She never thought her dreams would come true.
You are hurting me.
I know that Tom knows he's not supposed to be doing that.
Tom said that he felt utterly humiliated.
Tom and Mary say they've already done that.
This was third school shooting incident in six months.
Sami has multiple girlfriends at a time.
We need a doctor. It's an emergency.
I want to learn how to snowboard.
I was going to suggest the following possibility.
Hey, I'm Mike.
Please send us more details.
I wish I'd known you knew how to speak French.
She broke her right arm.
A quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
They came walking arm in arm.
I've never been to that town.
Tom says that he doesn't know anything about Mary.
Whatever you say will set her off crying.
The boy can handle a knife and fork very well.
We're certainly going to miss Tom.
Tom has a girlfriend in Boston.
Tom said he didn't think he'd ever be able to do that.
Little attention was paid to the comfort for the pass
I can't believe that you're eating what the doctor told you not to eat.
I saw a man knocked down by a car.
Tom wished he had a decent job.
Sami started paying attention to Layla.
Is that healthy?
I can't get the lid off this jar.
The bat was stolen yesterday, along with the balls.
I think that we did OK.
How often did you go swimming last summer?
Tom takes care of me when I'm sick.
I'll visit Boston with Tom.
I didn't want to alarm the students.
We're not going to let Tom go to the party.
Sami wanted Layla on his team.
There is a hut below the bridge.
Call me when you return.
They usually keep to themselves.
Tom and Mary are working on something together.
I disagree strongly.
I'm taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
I wonder whether Tom knows that Mary is doing that.
That was a complete misunderstanding.
Did you read the letter I sent you?
He sat waiting.
Put a point at the end of your sentences!
How did he earn his daily bread?
The future isn't written in stone.
He knows that I'm older than he is.
The rabbit is known for its long ears.
She can get home by herself.
I have many regrets.
Mennad doesn't take medication.
Back in the day, programs used to be distributed as shareware.
She wanted for nothing as long as her husband lived.
Who are you staying with now?
I was optimistic.
She has low tastes.
Is anything the matter?
We want them to forget it.
The dispute escalated into a public slanging match.
Mary told me yesterday that she'll do that tomorrow.
Let's see if someone can help me.
They knew they wouldn't be replaced.
Many companies outsource their work to other companies.
Tom was barely able to get out of bed.
Tom is being very proactive.
Tom wanted to open the box to see what was inside it.
That's not my favorite topic.
Science never solves a problem without creating ten more.
The television's not working.
It's totally right to say that Erdogan brings disease.
Tom and Mary are planning on going to a movie together on Friday evening.
Now that pessimism prevails, the executive will abandon the project.
He's an odd character.
Tom and Mary know they have to do something.
Tom is not our man.
Mary said she's thirsty.
I think he gets a passing mark as Foreign Minister.
Tom filled the gas tank.
Thank you for your explanation.
Layla's demeanor changed.
Yes, I have heard mention of that, but I love to hear it from you.
Tom falsified his resume.
Sami slept here.
She said she'd likely not do that.
Tom is really motivated.
Are you going to marry him?
Do you believe in miracles? You don't? But they believe in you.
Didn't you know Tom was planning to attend today's meeting?
Tom got a job at one of the local farms.
I have some English books.
Write me if you need help.
I was sorry to hear about him.
Tom drives a Datsun.
I've just spent the last three hours talking with Tom.
I'm not an expert.
We just couldn't finish it.
Fadil welcomed Layla inside.
He arrived at the station at seven o'clock.
I asked Tom if he really wanted to do that today.
How much support do you need?
Fireworks on 34th Street, in New York City, is one of the city's most beloved Christmas traditions.
Sami could sweet-talk his way out of this problem.
Mary told me that she'd call at 2:30.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are tempted to do that.
The Sun is the brightest object in the sky.
I have never been spoken to by a foreigner before.
I liked it too.
Tom has memorized a number of French songs.
Spain, a neutral party in the war, was the only country that reported casualty numbers accurately, hence the name Spanish flu, even though the flu did not originate there.
She was a zealous worker for charity.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary is going to do this afternoon.
Tom was involved in that incident.
This is my brother. Handsome, isn't he?
Tom is very particular about his food.
The old man took the boy.
Why haven't you cooked dinner yet?
Tom said that he hoped Mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her.
I still want to talk to you.
No, I don't speak French.
We could have taken a cab.
I doubt whether this will improve.
This soup needs more salt.
I may not know a lot, but I do know Tom doesn't know what he's talking about.
We were ready.
I was wrongfully punished.
Sami was arrested for rape.
"How is your mother?" inquired Anne politely, just as if she had not seen Mrs. Barry picking apples that morning in excellent health and spirits.
I bet you're right.
Atoms cannot be perceived with the naked eye.
You need to learn to laugh at yourself.
I think you shouldn't invite Tom to your party.
I have a funny feeling.
I told Mary that I wasn't interested in going to Boston with her.
It'll get warmer soon.
I need to know that Tom is still alive.
I'm here to listen.
Just tell me how much money you need and I'll lend it to you.
Tom has told us everything we need to know.
Sami turned to God.
Who do you work for?
They started being friends again.
She asked me to meet her here.
Tom helps Mary with the cooking.
How do you usually decide what to eat?
They sound like they're married.
Mary promised me she'd help me clean my room.
Donald Trump is a cancer on humanity.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning to do that.
I didn't know that you'd show up.
This is very unfortunate.
I've got a feeling that Tom won't graduate this year.
I'll go and see what the children are doing.
One "here" is better, we think, than two "you'll have it": one is secure, the other not.
Sami wanted to find the purpose of life.
Politics is motivated by interests.
Sami didn't use dating apps.
Many people hire accountants to help them with their tax returns.
Sami invented a new term.
Tom got a late start this morning.
The educational system in Japan was influenced by that in the USA.
If I die, I want to die a virgin.
Tom must've left it around here somewhere.
I'm a straight shooter, and most of the time my ego doesn't interrupt my relationships.
Mary is an excellent skier, isn't she?
I think this is true.
Now I am hungry.
Tom doesn't drink beer very often.
It's happening all the time now.
Have you looked in a mirror lately?
He and I'll go with her.
Using a limited number of existing logograms from natural languages, you can create a new language, complemented by a set of phonograms.
You should leave me cool; otherwise, I will say a possible blunder!
Madame de Pompadour helped establish the Rococo style.
I won't be able do that.
Tom and Mary say they need more time than that.
Mary is obsessed with animals.
The boss asked me to do that today.
Tom came to my rescue, like a knight in shining armor.
Layla smuggled cannabis.
He thinks that he knows what to do.
She put away a good deal of money.
Mary gets upset when Tom doesn't do what she tells him to do.
Tom and Mary look like they're too tired to help us right now.
In the winter, when my hair gets dry, I look like a porcupine.
I'd like to go abroad one day.
I am positive that he has finished.
It isn't how it seems.
Tom says Mary can do that.
Tom hopes one day to compete in the Olympics.
You must be careful when you drive a car.
Tom follows orders.
I think Tom will thank me when he's older.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's hungry.
Who's after you?
I don't think this is the time or place for that.
Tom might not walk to school on Monday.
Could you send me the pictures you took of us yesterday?
We had fun shopping.
Reading is one of Yanni's most treasured pastimes.
I enjoyed talking with you this evening very much.
Tom almost wished he had never met Mary.
What's that you're working on?
Tell anyone about this and you die.
Can you be discreet?
Algeria will never collapse.
I thought you might be hungry.
I don't think anyone would agree to do that.
The capital of Sweden is Stockholm.
They cut out a path through thick jungle.
After winter came spring.
We know Tom didn't do that.
How long was Tom here?
He shined his shoes.
I never expected your support.
Tom didn't expect that.
Does that make me weird?
Some people don't know about that.
Tom and Mary do that when they're sad.
Don't believe the media.
Tom cooked some fish for me.
Nobody's been hurt.
Tom and Mary said that they've been very happy here.
Sami will see it.
You told me there wouldn't be any problem.
Scientific collections are assemblies of physical objects that are valuable for research and education — including drilling cores from the ocean floor and glaciers, seeds, space rocks, cells, mineral samples, fossils, and more.
If it were up to me, I'd have you all exiled.
In U.S. bakeries, a "baker's dozen" is 13, not 12.
That lawyer is going to pick you apart in open court tomorrow.
People die every day.
Sami and Layla got physical but didn't have sex.
Tom knows we believe in him.
We've had rain for almost a week.
That's an archaic expression.
Gandhi was right.
Yanni wants to write a book about Algeria.
Yanni is just in front of us.
We went out and had a nice time.
Tom went out on his bicycle.
You have not seen him.
This story has an unhappy ending.
Mary said she would leave on Monday.
And he called the name of that place Temptation, because of the chiding of the children of Israel, and for that they tempted the Lord, saying: Is the Lord amongst us or not?
Let's toast to love!
What is the name of your teacher?
Left alone, the baby began to cry.
Tom felt a chill go down his back.
Tom told me that he found something.
How did you spend Christmas?
She picked up a rock and threw it at him.
Does this belong to you?
She said she was going hunting.
It is a stereotype that police officers always eat doughnuts.
I think Tom is trying to impress you.
I'm going to crash at Tom's.
She drives a black car, doesn't she?
Are you sure you can manage on your own?
I can't make Tom do that.
What did you plant in your garden this year?
Tom would have done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
You woke up pretty late.
When I woke up today, I yawned, stretched, rubbed the sleep out of my eyes, and put on a pair of slippers.
Tom is going to tell Mary everything he knows about the situation.
Tom asked us to wait until Monday.
One of these cups is Tom's.
The work had been finished by six.
Sami has never had his feelings before.
I don't think that that's anyone that I know.
I am so happy to see you back.
You're the only other person who knows where Tom is.
His mobile phone was stolen.
We want to avoid bloodshed.
Kristy Anderson is the wife of Larry Ewing.
Life is a series of coincidences.
She wrote a new book.
What do you think about it now?
That was my choice.
I stop hoeing again and again because it keeps starting to rain.
I'll write it down for you.
This house is far too small.
You live in Boston, don't you?
Why didn't you mention this earlier?
Tom is with his cousin in Boston for a week.
They're not stupid.
Layla had interest in money.
I know Tom didn't know Mary did that.
I've been waiting an hour.
Don't mix business with pleasure.
I don't think that I can be happy here if you left.
Tom would've done that by himself if Mary hadn't volunteered to help him.
They are on the border of starvation.
The water is on.
It's easy to get lost.
Mary took some time off to travel.
Is there anything special you want?
I wanted to believe you.
I didn't want to sing, but Tom asked me to, so I did.
He sat silently beside her.
I hate Facebook.
Tom has never been in a serious relationship.
I gave Tom a gun.
I know Tom isn't the one who's supposed to tell Mary she won't be allowed to do that.
What did Tom say about me?
There is no dream of man which atomic power does not promise a chance to attain.
Tom is in the hospital now.
I'm gonna take a nap.
Yanni is an Algerian college grad.
We plan to leave as soon as Tom gets here.
He was in despair when he spent the last of his money.
How much is this diamond worth?
Just tell him not to worry.
Layla took Salima's makeup without permission.
I thought Tom would go to Australia with me.
I expect that Tom will be ready to leave by the time we get there.
Liisa had a problem with Markku constantly trying to exploit his superiority.
I used to think Tom was good-looking.
Tom said that he thought that you would do that.
How can we tell?
I'll do anything I can for Tom.
Could that be Tom?
Tom and Mary said that they needed to stay at home.
I came to this restaurant for the fish.
Tell me how to get to the restaurant we're going to be eating at.
They failed to come on time owing to the traffic jam.
I was famous when I was younger.
Don't you have a family to go home to?
I have no desire to live in Boston.
Don't you want to know what I think?
The bowling shop's opening ceremony was boring.
He knows Germany like the back of his hand.
Can you tell me where I might find Tom?
The alien is a small intelligent multidimensional parasite that attaches to the host's nervous system.
You were angry, weren't you?
Tom said he wanted to help us.
If it wasn't for alcohol, none of us would exist.
Sami and Layla spent time together.
I knew Tom didn't know any other way to do that.
An orphan at three, he was brought up by a distant relative.
Then I found I had left my wallet at home.
Mary says she wants to speak to you.
Sami asked the Lord to forgive him.
Tom said he doesn't think he has to do that.
I want you to think about how we can improve.
Tom and Mary knew that someone was following them.
I hoped they would make it better and not worse.
You know you love it.
These numbers are wrong.
I'm sure Tom will be pleased.
Tom wasn't able to repair the broken radio.
Suspicion that this amounts to insider trading has str
The students parted into three groups.
He doesn't look happy to see her.
This could be interesting.
Tom said that he liked my idea.
Do you have a pair of scissors I could borrow?
I did what Tom ordered me to do.
It's almost the same.
Tom and Mary have told me they're planning to do that.
That's an impractical idea.
He embezzled public money.
Tom said he's only been to Australia three times.
Mary is almost always right, isn't she?
Clean that window.
Tom looked around to see if anybody was watching.
Islam took away most of my anger.
I was trying to hide my wrinkles.
I need to buy some land.
Tom will arrive on October 20th.
I did that because Tom asked me to.
Tom said that Mary's dog attacked him.
What's that next to the door?
I ate a lot of meat when I was in Australia.
I saw lots of beautiful colors.
What time are you the happiest?
All we can do now is hope that Tom does what he's promised to do.
What are your favorite books?
I don't often drink tequila.
I was ready.
They told us that they wouldn't cry.
Sami had a bad haircut.
Tom's a big liar.
I wish Tom had waited.
We've made far too many mistakes.
Tom asked Mary to come home.
Did you see my Kabyle dress?
She said she never did that.
Tom will write to his sister.
What do you feel like doing tonight?
What did Tom paint?
He got killed in an automobile accident.
That's not what's bothering me.
Tom could have been more careful.
How did Tom and Mary know they were supposed to be here today?
It is hard to love someone when you do not know whether he or she loves you as much as you love him or her.
I know that Tom wishes I were dead.
Is "super caloric" a Spanish word?
I am going to name the dog Rocky.
Aren't you the one who caused this mess?
Tom asked Mary to show him the pictures she'd taken.
I turned him down.
Everyone has a bedroom.
She was locked up in a room.
He doesn't know that I have a cat.
They speak quite negatively about Islam.
I rushed Tom to the hospital.
I came at about six.
The doctor attended to the sick old man all night, pouring shot after shot of whiskey into the old man's open mouth until he died.
I didn't think that I'd be scared.
I hope there's still some bread left.
What is there to be afraid of?
Tom loves Mary so much.
I didn't pose for any pictures.
Why are you making me suffer this much?
She was afraid to do it by herself.
Tom became Mary's best friend.
Can you account for your absence last Friday?
Tom cut the turkey with an electric knife.
What do you want to become of me?
Wooden houses catch fire easily.
Mary received an award for her composition called "Secret love".
There's still a lot left to do, so I won't get bored.
That isn't good enough for me.
He spoke concisely.
His English composition has nine mistakes in as many lines.
What did you eat?
Tom likes us.
I was talking to her, not to you.
Tom almost always agrees with me.
While the bureaucracy comes up with sweetly technical terms like "less advantaged," the slums brim with malcontent.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let John win.
You're going to love it.
What are the pros and cons of hitchhiking?
I would like steak with a baked potato.
Tom didn't seem to be very concerned.
My toolbox contains only pliers, a hammer, and a screwdriver.
This is something that Tom would never do.
We can't pass up this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Mary knew that someone was following her.
I revealed the truth of the matter.
The father said little to his daughters.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be asleep when he got home.
I'd look into it.
I never hurt a soul.
I'm looking forward to seeing Tom again.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom didn't want to do that.
I have never had sincere friendships.
I dug a hole.
Let's talk over a cup of tea, shall we?
I'm in bed with a fever.
Tom bought a rose for Mary.
You aren't studying French, are you?
Who's that in the red sunglasses?
Tom is a Mancunian.
I charted our course with a compass, map and plenty of hope.
Is he here yet?
Tom needs some water.
She said she's very busy.
I happened to be in Australia at the same time Tom was.
Too much salt will kill the flavor.
I had to stop at almost every light on the way here.
She said she was through doing that.
He has a suspected blood clot and needs medical attention.
The car is driving quickly.
I did this over a year ago.
I knew that Tom was making a lot more money than I was.
Sami watched my video.
Tom has two cats.
He himself said so.
I paid for it.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet and took out the toothpaste and his toothbrush.
My office is a real mess.
We have to put new locks on all the doors.
We haven't talked for a while.
I don't go to school by the bus.
I asked Tom if I could borrow thirty dollars from him.
Sami was living on his own because his parents had kicked him out.
Layla is a tall bitch.
Friends should help one another.
We couldn't have any kids.
It's rumored that they are going to get married.
We should collaborate on the project.
I hope Tom doesn't insist on doing that.
Tom and Mary haven't spoken to each other for years.
I clean my teeth with a toothbrush.
She wasn't there, and neither was he.
Tom couldn't get out in time.
She often skips meals.
The gaunt policeman had a bolt-action rifle slung over one shoulder.
You shouldn't do this.
"Is Mary in Boston?" "Yes, she is."
That's not very friendly.
I fell asleep while listening to the radio.
Having heard it so many times, I can recite the poem by heart now.
It was very windy yesterday.
I have no homework today.
Do you suppose that this is true?
Mary took everything to her office.
By his first wife the peasant had a daughter called Elsa, a good quiet girl, who only wanted to live in peace, but this her stepmother would not allow. She beat and cuffed the poor child from morning till night.
He isn't sure what to expect from her.
Tom and I do not smoke cigarettes.
Tom won't go back to Australia.
A woman fell from a ship into the sea.
Were you nervous during the job interview?
Tom and Mary are trying to impress you.
Training with them is not a game.
I do what other people won't do.
Tom's my friend.
Why don't we go and see her in the hospital?
Commander Joki has a family.
I give sensational massages.
The film was long-winded, in his opinion.
I hope Tom is organized.
Tom said that Mary is willing to help John do that.
Sami doesn't talk as much shit to me as he used to do.
Your party was fun.
Tom is coming back soon, isn't he?
I thought that I saw a ghost.
The car broke down.
Mary is sitting at the desk.
Tom and Maria sweat, sitting in a Turkish bath.
Tom told me he's cold.
I don't think that we should be fighting.
Why is life so horrible?
I suggest you eat it.
I don't think I'll ever be able to afford to buy a house.
He turned off the light.
I'm fed up with the way Tom has been acting.
I can't take any more of this.
I can't carry all that baggage.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why I did that.
Tom is supposed to win.
I thought Tom might be allowed to do that.
So is it 19 or is it 20?
Tom planted a row of carrots.
I dislocated my knee.
Mary isn't yet quite sure what she should be doing.
Tom hasn't yet been convicted.
It's a waste of time looking for that girl.
No one's safe here.
I seem to have lost my train of thought.
I've done many interesting things.
I want to take advantage of it.
She has made up her mind.
The cry roused me from my sleep.
The only thing Tom likes to do after dinner is watch TV.
You're stronger than us.
I hate that colour.
You must not violate the regulations.
You were not able to check their movements.
We're business partners.
He cut the meat with a knife.
Mary got fired on her first day.
Tom and Mary have plenty of friends to help them.
Mary worked part-time to put herself through school.
He sowed his field with barley.
The police have arrested them.
Everybody is drinking, and nearly everybody is smoking.
You need to get up.
Tom is in Australia right now.
Tom said that I didn't sound optimistic.
Tom thought that the watch that Mary had given him was ugly.
Tom has finally done what he promised that he'd do.
I know that Tom isn't a very nice kid.
If everything happens for a reason, does that reason have a reason to be?
Tom is wearing the same clothes as yesterday.
Does Tom regret doing that?
I can't believe you're going to ask Mary to marry you.
Mary said she was the only one who wanted to do that.
That was absolutely awesome!
Every precaution is being taken.
We will have a math quiz tomorrow.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they don't need to do that.
"I am sorry to say that we have made very little progress," said the Inspector.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she has to do.
Tom is always perfectly dressed.
We've only got three days to do that.
She is wrong in nine cases out of ten.
I want her to win the election.
I hope nobody goes home hungry.
Mary says she isn't planning on going anywhere.
Mennad tried to kill himself.
I just bought a house.
When can we see him?
You should calm down a little.
Mary admits she wasn't happy.
His father is a respected chef.
I thought that you said you lived in Boston.
Tom is somebody I looked up to.
Tom has been having difficulty breathing.
See how high you can jump.
He's recently lost his job.
Many kinds of flowers always come out in his garden.
The championship will start the next day 5.
Tom told me that he didn't need my help.
Tom and Mary reached for the doorknob at the same time.
I like chocolate candy very much.
No less than 100 people attended the meeting.
When is the first day of spring?
At heart I shall always be your little Anne, who will love you and Matthew and dear Green Gables more and better every day of her life.
The talks should begin soon.
Tom was wondering what it was that dragged her so, towards the end of all sentences and thought: "Come to me, Mary!"
This band defines Korean screamo.
Mary thought she could do that again.
You're a lifesaver.
I'm not sure I like it.
Tom didn't want to drive that fast.
Sarkozy defended a model of sustainable growth.
Just finished it.
I didn't know where Tom was going to be in the afternoon.
We'll catch him.
Tom is totally incompetent.
I'm not Tom's father.
I really got used to the routine.
In Algeria children play in front of the sewers for lack of playground.
I think that Tom is too lazy to do that.
The trash compactor is full.
Tom could possibly be considered handsome.
I had doubts.
You didn't look angry.
I had a lot to say in relation to that affair.
How did you know that I was lying?
I said hello. Didn't you hear?
The traveler reached his destination at last.
Why are you constantly changing flags?
I've got a flashlight in the glove compartment.
Mary is in a meeting.
Tom says there's no chance Mary will be fired.
She said she's taught French before.
The book was written in a hurry, so it is riddled with errors.
It wasn't possible.
That was just the trailer, the movie's yet to come, my friend!
I don't want to end up in court.
Tom doesn't think he can do that.
Tom wants Mary and I to do that by ourselves.
The rebellion was soon put down.
What if something happened to her?
I don't think Tom has done that as many times as I have.
Sami admitted killing Layla.
They will find out sooner or later.
Sami was done doing those videos.
You're really working hard today.
We have seen how, under the Bouteflika regime, the concentration of power led to abusive power.
There are few, if any, such men.
Tom is getting a teaching degree.
This is his horse.
We oppose the death penalty.
Tom always wants to control everybody.
Mary is busy, isn't she?
I remember the time when he returned.
Pence is just Trump's henchman.
They told me they'd do it tomorrow.
You see that tall building over there, don't you?
He was always wrapped by a dangerous air.
At one end of the cabin, he built a fireplace of small stones from the beach.
Researchers at Germany’s Max Planck Institute of Colloids and Interfaces, in Potsdam, are collaborating with a U.S. company, ArtemiLife, to test an extract from the plant Artemisia annua to determine its effectiveness in speeding recovery from the virus.
I shut off the water.
This could be considered an act of treason.
I want to go home as soon as possible.
His jokes didn't come off.
Tomorrow I'll come to Tehran.
I'm sure Tom was happy.
I haven't had to do that since I was thirteen.
Mennad has a weird name.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't smoke.
Sami is having a spelling test.
Mary is a good songwriter, isn't she?
Do you like to run?
My cousin is a little older than I am.
I believe doing would be a mistake.
You shouldn't put all your eggs in one basket.
A dreadful cry echoed over the moor.
She refused to say more about it.
Cocoa can be very bitter.
I kissed her once at a party.
Were you sad when Tom died?
Isn't there a chance Tom is doing that?
If I'm willing to take the risk, I don't see why you should care whether I do it or not.
Tom is probably in the building.
I know that Tom is a reasonable man.
He's never quite adjusted to the pace of the city.
Tom drove me to the airport.
I can't remember Tom's exact words.
I know Tom isn't a fan.
What's the first thing we should do?
Tom told Mary she should resign.
You will persuade no one with these words.
Where will that take place?
She looks like she's been crying.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to go yesterday.
They hid escaped black slaves in the attic.
Tom is willing to pay up to three hundred dollars for that.
Mennad would not allow Baya to self-harm.
Sami had a baby in his arms.
That's an interesting theory.
When do you want me to do that?
He likes knitting.
Tom still has no idea why Mary did that.
I've always enjoyed working with kids.
I need to see a copy of it right now.
I'm not here to make friends.
They didn't know where their car was.
I think that Tom was being sarcastic.
I've done OK.
Tom and Mary like to keep things to themselves.
Can you explain it to me, please?
I'm a homosexual.
You should have spoken more politely.
It was an innocent mistake.
We want to do something to help Tom.
I didn't look under the couch.
Sami is gonna kill Layla.
I have a lot of stuffed animals.
He often drives his father's car.
I can't understand the problem.
As a young man he flirted briefly with communism.
Tom and Mary are fluent in French.
We hugged each other.
Tom said he had a terrible experience in Australia.
I suspect that Tom has to do that.
He used to go to school by bicycle, but he takes a bus now.
Tom said that Mary was here this morning.
Sami said the food was disgusting.
You've got the wrong idea.
I still go out with her.
Tom must be somewhere around.
What will you do?
Skura resigned this week.
I feel a little nervous.
You really should've phoned ahead.
There's something I need to give to you.
Mother was anxious about the children.
You're too nervous.
It looks like Tom will eat the whole thing.
I enjoyed being in Australia.
The Sun is the biggest object in our solar system. It contains more than 99% of the solar system's mass.
He blew on the tip of his fingers.
Mennad stopped putting energy into himself.
Layla tried to talk to Sami.
The conversation with Maria ended in a fight.
Sorry Tom, I don't believe you.
Tom and Mary said that they remembered doing that.
I'll be with you in a sec.
Did Tom really do that?
You're not sick, are you?
Mary was sleeping soundly next to Tom.
He married Ann.
Stay here. I'll be back.
He always gets home at 6:00 p.m.
Mary says she doesn't speak French.
Turn around.
A new comet that was discovered in April using data from an orbiting observatory may be visible to the naked eye in the coming weeks.
Tom said he'd never tell Mary to do that.
I'm afraid that's going to happen.
Tom is in a lot of trouble, isn't he?
Tom and Mary said they may stay in Boston for a few months.
You hate psychiatrists, don't you?
If you're not a morning person, study in the afternoon.
Her friends love him.
I think I can sing that.
The Socialist Party only got 18% of the votes.
I wasn't busy yesterday.
Sami apologized profusely.
Tom probably won't be late.
Sami liked to talk to people.
I'm going to find out sooner or later what happened, so why not just tell me now?
I don't think that I'll be able to get that done today.
Sami won't win this game.
Algiers has a very dense urban core.
Luckily, Tom had some money I could borrow.
You probably shouldn't mention that to anyone.
Fadil was gunned down outside his office.
She discovered a colourful new world.
Tom paid for it by credit card.
The town lies on the seashore.
He cut it with his knife.
I don't want to sell this.
Just park anywhere.
We've known about that for a long time.
Cathy has a hot temper.
She was hard at work writing letters.
I told you Tom looked like John.
I wonder why Tom said that.
Tom and Mary say that they plan to stay in Boston as long as they can.
That was what Mary said she wanted to do.
I think that it's possible that there's nothing we can do.
They're very dependent on their parents.
Sami went to bed.
You're always all talk and no action!
This word has been in my notebook for a long time.
His family lives in Algiers.
Are we in trouble again?
The list is long.
I almost believe I could do that.
I don't think anyone would do that.
Tom and I are planning to get a divorce.
Could you approve my proposal?
Sami doesn't even know what Layla looks like.
I am Toral of the House of Duras.
You are excused.
Tom won't let Mary go to the party.
He's partly right, isn't he?
Are there any knacks, or good sites, for downloading Japanese software?
A car came close to hitting Tom.
The event starts at 10pm.
What we know is Tom sometimes does that.
The song title is in Berber.
This meat is marinated.
I'm sorry, but your names aren't on the list.
I am not really interested in Native American music. I am rather interested in their languages.
I will love you forever.
Mennad is a painter.
The lack of credibility of a married writer’s recommendation to remain unmarried is the weak point of the book.
Mennad is getting discharged from the hospital.
He hates alcohol.
I'm not quite sure.
Mary said she'll probably go shopping with Tom on Monday.
Mennad was watching himself bleed.
Sami will explain that in a second.
Is the room big enough?
Let's get together the next time you come back to Boston.
Tom quickly realized that he wasn't going to be able to do that.
Don't believe all the stories he's put about.
Black is a very common color for shoes.
I think that Tom ate my piece of cake.
Tom may have missed the bus.
Tom told Mary that he was in Boston last weekend, but he was actually in Chicago.
I wasn't the one who actually did that.
When we saw the animal so near us, we ran away in terror.
The boy has a huge bump on his head. No wonder he cried so much!
I have three weeks left until my departure, and so far I still don't have a visa.
Tom is going to have a difficult time.
He's often traveling around in Kabylie, Algeria.
Cut that out. You're just rubbing salt in the poor guy's wounds.
I tripped and sprained my ankle.
She said that she plans to go.
I suspect Tom is right about that.
Sami started walking towards our table.
I'm sorry you saw that.
You've improved.
We plan to do what Tom and Mary suggest, unless somebody tells we shouldn't.
Tom would've done that himself if he'd had more the time.
Tom often falls asleep in front of the TV.
You have to go on living.
Do you still want me to drive you to the airport?
Come here boy.
Do you have any real coffee?
That really freaked Tom out.
I needed this.
Tom and Mary are fortunate to be here.
Sami started to hear footsteps in the attic.
Kate came home by bus.
Tom says you know what happened to Mary.
I'm at my wit's end with this difficult problem.
Tom should've hugged Mary.
Who is the fifteenth?
Go to your room, young man!
Tom spilled coffee on his freshly laundered shirt.
Scientists at the University of California, Davis, compared the competing species to two old men in a very slow race up a mountainside. This race between such slow-growing trees takes thousands of years.
Did you ever meet Tom?
This beer has a high content of alcohol.
I know that Tom is from Boston.
This bag is not available in any store.
We have a big oak tree in our backyard.
Sami flew all the way from Egypt to Canada to teach Layla about Islam.
He's a private detective and he traps cheating wives and husbands.
The sound of the stream lulled me to sleep.
Why do you study French every day?
Bring all your money.
He made a clean break with them.
Ken went into the hogan.
Tom has hired a private detective.
Even though we're
He didn't participate in the story.
He is alive to his own interests.
Sami started filming.
Sorry, but I can't go along with you.
Tom says that he wants to learn French.
Both Tom and I kept quiet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done anything like this before.
I have a doctor's appointment this morning.
He was transferred to the intensive care unit as his condition deteriorated.
Valentina Tereshkova made 48 orbits of Earth. She spent almost three days in space.
She nodded her agreement.
You give me a headache.
I study Chinese every day.
Tom was impressed, but he tried not to let it show.
He could not get through his work, though the examination was near.
I want you to enjoy yourselves.
Hindus believe in reincarnation.
This is a fire hazard.
It's a real honor to meet you.
The stakes couldn't be higher.
Songs are a great way to learn languages.
The result can be deadly.
This company's CEO is a woman.
They said that they needed some cash.
Sami worked at a drugstore.
He has been seeing a therapist.
Tom is a very angry boy.
This is my last day at this school.
This will hurt.
I just invented a new word-processor enabling to pronounce them backwards.
She said that she could do nothing.
Shut up or you'll get thrown out.
It hasn' been 10 minutes yet.
He stayed in Kabylie.
She opened a savings account.
Sami felt so defeated.
Tom's plane leaves for Boston at 2:30 p.m.
Tom said that we should rehearse more.
I almost never work on Monday.
Please correct me when I make a mistake.
He is fond of chocolate cake.
Tom doesn't want to sell his farm.
Kobe is a sister city of Seattle.
I feel heaps better after a sound sleep.
Walking along the fence he noticed a mouse.
Mary is shy, isn't she?
I never could do it.
I want to go with her.
What do Tom and Mary look like?
Are you certain about this?
You're too suspicious about everything.
Sami and Layla are from Cairo and know what I'm talking about.
It's time for Sami to marry.
We loved this game.
Tom doesn't want you to know he really doesn't want to do that.
Am I reading this word correctly?
I think that the judge was more than fair.
There's no denying his ability as a pitcher, but he is rather injury-prone.
Why are you always so skeptical?
To all appearances, they are a happy couple.
What time does the movie begin?
Eric is an eternal optimist.
I thought you said that you can't afford to build a garage.
Tom said that he'd been handcuffed.
Tom threw the ball back to Mary.
Tom is concerned about your safety.
Sami was a medical professional.
"Goodbye," she said.
He is helping her to learn Berber.
I'm absolutely positive that it was Tom who stole your violin.
She looks like a boy.
Tom has an OLED TV.
I think that I've fallen in love with you.
I was thinking about going to Boston next month.
A huge waterspout has formed.
Replace those books on the shelf when you're done with them.
Sami came literally out of nowhere.
The eastern sky was getting light.
Can I see your notebook?
The laborers formed a human barricade.
Layla changed her baby cousin's diaper twice.
My husband is broad-shouldered, with distinctly short arms.
Magdalena is a Łódź native.
What are your predictions?
I want Mary.
I just want the money.
The news took him by surprise.
He told me you despised her.
Tom definitely wants to win.
Mary is watching TV in her room.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was ready.
Did you think about that?
The event was forgotten as time went on.
Tom wasn't in time for his appointment.
Sami noticed that there was someting wrong.
Did he pass the test?
Who doesn't value the penny isn't worth the dollar.
Everybody is bound to obey the laws.
I'll call you around five o'clock.
I'm starting to get a little worried about what might happen.
I'm not worried about it.
Tom says he's never been to Boston.
The word "puts" comes from "put" (output) + "s" (the first character of "string")
Tom wasn't given the chance to try doing that.
With whom are you eating dinner?
Tom asked for some money.
I don't think Tom is vegan.
Why are you ashamed?
It's immoral to do that.
Please remember what Tom said.
It is hard to carry out this plan.
Algeria needs to reduce poverty.
Let's keep this simple.
She is wearing a long face.
I have something for you to do.
Sami can come and live with us. He's family.
Oh, you're Hungarian!
This isn't getting us anywhere.
Her couscous was just supurb.
There's a telephone in my room.
I know that Tom isn't still planning to do that.
This book seemed hard to read to me.
Tom can't control his emotions.
Don't wait for me for dinner.
I looked and looked, but it wasn't there.
Sami was going to sue Layal.
Tom is still in the bath.
He stayed in Algeria for like a week and a half.
Do you like the same kind of music as your parents do?
You didn't need to hurry.
I'll do whatever it takes to make you proud of me.
Were you involved?
Layla was convicted of torture.
Why don't I have a desk?
Do you still go to school?
Tom said that he thought that Mary was on vacation.
I thought you were in prison.
Tom is up in his room taking a nap now.
I'm looking for a navy blue raincoat, size 36.
The bulb has burned out.
I was born in the wrong penetration.
Tom looked away for a moment.
Tom and I have both been to Boston.
On a scale of one to ten, how do I look?
Don't trust what he says.
Let's begin, OK?
They have washed up.
No one is permitted to do that.
Yanni heard a voice as clear as day in his head telling him not to go there.
Is there time now?
I didn't expect you to like that.
She frequently speaks with her fiancé.
You don't have enough money, do you?
The old couple seemed happy.
Don't blame yourselves. It's our fault.
Tom was living in Mary's house.
You will never abase me, Tom.
I don't think that I'll need your help today.
You're a true hero.
I'll write to them again.
You don't even know who I am, do you?
Translate the passage word for word.
I know Tom doesn't want to do that.
All the ships shortened sail, and there was fear and trembling on every side, but she sat quietly on her floating iceberg watching the blue lightning flash in zigzags down on to the shining sea.
The pressures of supporting a big family are beginning to catch up with him.
My mother is anxious about my future.
Tom is the only person who really knows what happened.
I'm irreplaceable.
Tom built a bookcase.
President Taft wrote a warm goodbye letter to his friend.
You just realized that?
Tom and Mary said that they hoped they won the race.
Mary never told me she wanted to go to Boston with us.
I've always wanted to visit Boston.
He said that he's Canadian.
Taro succeeded to his late father's estate.
Though he is old, he has a youthful spirit.
These are Tom's cats.
Tom has been through enough.
Tom owns a large restaurant in Boston.
That resort provides a world-class snorkeling experience.
She kissed him deeply.
I've asked Tom for a loan.
I think that Tom is very sick.
Serra Negra do Norte is a town in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
I'm sorry, you have the wrong number.
He took his girlfriend to a bar.
Where's my wife?
Does your best friend live very far from you?
Was everybody listening?
Tom didn't want to get in trouble.
I'm disappointed that Tom isn't here.
Tom did his best to explain what needed to be done.
There's trouble everywhere.
Boy, that was a rip-off.
I know Tom will be through doing that.
They had the whole room to themselves.
I erased my name off the list.
I know that you're upset with me.
How do we know Tom is innocent?
What's the big surprise?
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could stop John from doing that.
No one knew that Tom could speak French so well.
Sami deserved this.
The dragon is a fictional creature.
They won many competitions.
She got a job as a typist.
I was surprised that her hobby was karate. She always wears cute clothes.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom needed to do that.
Is he satisfied with his daily life?
I suspect that Tom and Mary are anxious to do that.
Tom needs to do more.
We've found him.
I had your best interest in mind the entire time.
Tom does anything but study.
I just spent three days in Australia.
Mary isn't quite herself today.
I knew you wouldn't have a very good time.
How do I know you didn't do it?
Don't give up. Stick with the job.
They boast of their bridge.
I have two cats: one is white and the other is black.
Sweden is called "Sverige" in Swedish.
I won't be able to do that unless Tom helps me.
Magnetic fields on Mars sprout like mushrooms in its southern hemisphere.
Tom told Mary he wanted to quit his job and find another one.
Our parents took care of us and now it's our turn to take care of them.
Everybody is against me.
We can't come to Australia now.
It might've taken longer if Tom hadn't helped us.
Why always me?
That's true, too.
You didn't tell them what you wrote in that article.
Kiss him.
I'm not frightened of anything.
Tom faces up to three years in prison.
Tom thought that he'd broken a bone in his foot, but an X-ray showed that he hadn't.
Tom waited his turn.
I know somebody who's perfect for the job.
Herod the Great built the Masada fortress and rebuilt the Temple.
This place smells bad.
I haven't yet been to Australia.
Tom should try to do that.
I know Tom is a few years younger than I am.
Tom and Mary got on their bikes and left.
You always ask me to join your team because you need one more guy. Come on - just once I'd like you to say it's because I alone am worth ten of them - even if it is a lie.
He was in a coma.
Most whales feed on plankton.
There is a plan of treatment at the end of the included leaflet.
How would you describe your research?
He is a physicist.
She missed the train.
What you said to Mary made her angry.
Tom and Mary are both very young.
Does Tom know all this?
I can smell the freedom on the wind!
I thought that Tom wouldn't eat everything on his plate.
I want to go talk to her.
The population of Yokohama is larger than that of Osaka.
Tom was waiting for us at the gate.
I wonder if Tom has a rope ladder.
A company that stifles innovation can't hope to grow very much.
My dad listens to classical music.
The problem is Mr. Bark, the man whose secretary is away.
My plan worked.
Why didn't you go back for him?
You can't buy that now.
Tom has been dating Mary for three months.
Joey is fixated with Shane's gun.
Do you really think we can win?
Tom found it difficult to be punctual.
Ken laid down his arms.
He has believed in God his entire life.
Tom could have killed somebody.
I think that Tom would be angry if you did that.
How many gallons are in a cubic foot?
I recently met Tom for the first time.
The plane could easily be late.
My lungs are congested.
Tom usually carries a sketch pad.
As was to be expected, he took the first place.
Everybody knows that I used to live in Boston.
I know that Tom is biased.
I met her when I was thirteen.
I like fried fish.
Solutions for tackling the problem could include making sure young people are educated to acquire skills that will serve them well in the labor market.
Why does Tom feel that way?
Write high-quality sentences in a language that you know very well.
I should go warn him.
None of Tom's teammates seem to like him very much.
What time is Tom getting here?
The pantry is empty.
You never should've left your husband.
He became my coworker.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still as strict as they used to be.
The military value of Hamas' rockets is very limited.
Tom told me why he did that.
Tom had an allergic reaction.
It had to be Tom that did that.
Mary didn't tell me why she was planning to go to Boston.
I didn't think Tom would permit Mary to do that.
Why did Tom need a chainsaw?
I worked on it until the last minute.
Tom entrusted me with an important task.
There is not a drop of water left.
How many animals can you see?
What is the best way to get to Copacabana beach?
Tom could hear the cat scratching the door.
Can I do something for you?
Tom and I are taking a break.
Chris cannot control his passion for the lovely new girl in town.
It's so much fun to speak in so many languages.
Under the table was a black cat.
He got religion on his deathbed.
I don't know who to trust anymore.
The jets dived at their target.
Tom didn't give me any money.
Tom has a terrible cold.
Tom noticed something on the floor.
Is that gift for me?
He had nobody to tell his story to.
Are you going to Australia on business?
Ten years ago, around forty thousand girls used to go to school in Kunarr, but now this number has reached to seventy-two thousand.
Tom told me that he felt offended.
What's-his-name was in church today.
We're meeting on Sunday.
This is just stupid.
I have done that many times.
Do not draw hasty conclusions.
Tom and Mary may talk to whoever they want.
Mary refused to accept the roses that Tom sent her.
He admitted himself defeated.
We remained paralyzed for hours in a traffic jam.
He leaned against the wall as he was tired.
He raised a problem.
Tom was wearing a trenchcoat.
Tom was homesick.
I've found a way of jumping so you can get 202m in the ski-jump!
Tom was hit by a drunk driver.
Tom got very worried.
I'll read it to you.
The following images are not for the faint of heart.
I understand Tom is leaving Australia tonight.
I hope it happens here.
Tom is anxious to leave.
Don't put your fingers in the meat grinder!
In my language, the musical notes are c, d, e, f, g, a, and b.
The sun burns my eyes.
He came to visit her.
Tom was like a member of our family.
I could live in Boston.
I want to give you a bicycle for your birthday.
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
True friendships are even rarer than diamonds.
Tom is going to have to do that sooner or later.
I suppose Tom told you why I was late.
She sells fruits.
We all hope Tom can take care of himself.
He thought he probably shouldn't go there by himself.
Tom is only three hours away by bus.
Tom got fired for loafing on the job.
There are no perfect women, nor perfect men.
Tom's and Mary's faces is very pale.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to go camping next weekend.
Can you tell me when Tom got his driver's license?
He hired a developer in Algeria.
He took off his pack.
I didn't expect her to ask me that question.
I, too, am worried about him.
Cheer yourself up.
You'll go to Ireland.
There's no time for talking. Time has come to act!
I think you might need to give Tom a hand.
You will always be welcome whenever you come.
He lived in another house.
Aren't you going to vote in the upcoming election?
How much did you get out of the deal?
She is putting on weight.
She is holding a ladle in her right hand.
I didn't even notice you.
What with overwork and lack of nourishment, he became very ill.
I think what you need now is to eat something.
Layla is determined to find out what happened.
Glasses are more convenient for me than contact lenses.
Tickets are selling fast and space is limited.
Where does your sister go to school?
I don't think that there's any need for Tom to come to the office today.
Tom got upset and began to cry.
This game is so hard.
Beyonce has given birth to a daughter.
We're not angels.
Let's do this again sometime!
Police noticed marks on Sami's body.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on going back there again.
Paul Ziemkiewicz pulls off a winding country road at a stream about 45 kilometers east of Morgantown, West Virginia. The water is about as acidic as vinegar, he says. It's "100% fatal" to aquatic life.
She burst into tears when she heard the news.
Tom is irreplaceable, isn't he?
I want to see Tom.
Sami lived a totally different life.
We yelled at her to watch her step.
Tom said that Mary didn't like to do that.
She loves shopping.
She's so adorable.
This game is basically designed for use with keyboard and gamepad but configuration can only be done by mouse.
I think that Tom is still undecided.
Sami needs a bulldozer to clean this bathroom.
I don't want to be arrested.
Tom left many voice messages for Mary.
Are you kidding?
Tom wasn't surprised Mary was afraid.
I finally pulled myself together and made a Herculean effort to improve my sock situation: I bought 15 pairs of identical black socks, and threw away my old ones.
The evil spirit was driven away from the house.
It went as well as we could've expected.
Tom gave me a fierce look.
Did you know Tom didn't like doing that?
Does Tom ever snore?
The tube was shattered by the explosion.
Tom abuses his authority.
They said that they won't walk home today.
There's little chance that Tom will do that.
I'm really glad I did that.
Tom lost the key to his hotel room.
Tom told me that he would go to Boston in October.
This is a great place.
Tom will come back later.
He put the money into his pocket.
It's getting warm in here.
Then she said, "Wait, my daughter, until you know what will happen; for the man will not rest until he has settled this today."
Well I'll be buggered!
The two cars collided at the intersection.
Tom received a telegram from Mary.
Maybe I don't need them.
Nobody can disrupt true friendships.
Tom broke his promise and didn't help Mary.
Tom and Mary are planning to take pictures.
If you just write a zero in this number's ones' place, it'll be correct.
People can actually understand them.
I would have at least asked you for the name, but my father's presence has been an impediment.
I try to stay away from crazy people.
Learn a language for free.
Tom gave his son something to play with.
I could not bring myself to dance with him.
This medicine is not effective against the flu.
They don't drink.
I wanted to do that yesterday, but I didn't.
Layla let Sami drive.
My parents always make me do my homework before I go out.
Once she arrives, we can start.
Sami was been hired here.
She said she's not busy.
I really want to eat Chinese food tonight.
Sami needed money for his weed.
Please be careful with that one.
I sometimes apprehend that there will be some difficulty.
Islam isn't violent.
I often borrow money from my friends.
Sami doesn't even understand how this is possible.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to do.
She told the children to line up.
Tom is now waiting in the lobby.
I thought that you were going to the carnival with Tom tonight.
Do any of your friends smoke?
Does Tom like to draw?
Does he have anything to do with the political party?
I promise that I'll do that before the end of the week.
Are you still dating Tom?
Tom sat down at his computer.
You know why I'm here.
Tom could be confused.
I don't think Tom really needs to do that.
Japan's changing economic policy is tied up with the labor shortage.
I couldn't recognize him, not having met him before.
Does Tom like coffee?
The female armor sets in this video game are basically bikinis.
It hasn't been easy for them.
She didn't take it with her.
It seems that Tom and Mary have already done that.
I have to study hard to keep up with the other students.
I didn't force Tom to do anything.
I thought you said that you promised Tom you'd do that.
He is crazy about baseball.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary why he had quit his job.
Do you have any questions for me?
There is a mysterious cycle in human events. To some generations much is given. Of other generations much is expected.
Tom was about to enter college.
Would you expect anything else?
Where did he find the money?
She is completely deaf in her left ear.
Sami carried on living his life in a self-destructing way.
There's talk of an heir.
I ran out of ink.
Do you know what he has done?
I won't tell. I promise.
We arrived to find a huge meal ready for us.
I'll find you the help you need.
He asked me if he could come.
Sami got bills to pay.
She told me she's unimpressed.
Tom didn't tell me how much the gift for Mary cost.
Tom will be afraid to do that.
Tom held Mary's hands in his.
Tom probably doesn't know why Mary is ignoring him.
"Do you want to buy it?" "Yes."
He might have seen it.
He's energetic, isn't he?
I'm proud to be Canadian.
He thought that he should do that.
No, I'll pay for it.
I'm disgusted with you.
Do you want your coat back?
We've got a leak.
I only have butter in my refrigerator.
I wanted to speak.
My house faces to the south.
It is unfair.
How long does it take to get to Boston from Chicago by plane?
He's tired.
Tom thinks Mary made a big mistake.
I don't want to live on the street.
Tom need not go to school today.
I like all languages.
What did we do with it?
What else has Tom got?
Tom and Mary are likely going to be very hungry when they get home.
A mouse scurried out of the hole.
Tom won't be able to fix everything by himself.
Tom said he's considering suing Mary.
I don't think that Tom knows that I love Mary.
It's in the garage.
That's pretty powerful.
Are you going to do that tomorrow?
Tom and Mary said that they were the last ones to do that.
The people therefore took dough before it was leavened; and tying it in their cloaks, put it on their shoulders.
Mennad came out of the house.
Tom was convicted.
I heard a shout.
Betty killed them all.
Do you have a knife?
Mary asked me to meet her here.
How many high schools are there in Boston?
Tom said that he felt like eating steak.
Could you take care of my dog while I'm away?
You've seen what we can do.
He found his father lying in the kitchen.
Today, I'm going to bed early.
Leather is raw material to produce shoes.
The question is how are we going to get this done on time.
Tom ran away from the police officers.
Sami's party was fun.
Tom and I've been spending a lot of time together.
Algerians are overwhelmingly Berber in origin.
Something is wrong with my car.
Birds are singing here and there in the park.
Was it murder or suicide?
An old woman was found choked to death.
Tom and Mary have decided not to talk to their children in French anymore.
Life is enjoyable.
Sami got out of the water.
Don't you want to talk about what happened?
I think it would be unethical to do that.
I knew that Tom had a girlfriend.
On Friday we have a housewarming party!
Example sentences are the future.
Do you remember where you first met Tom?
I'm back in my bedroom.
It's impossible to me.
If the man doesn't believe as we do, we say he is a crank, and that settles it. I mean, it does nowadays, because now we can't burn him.
Tom got off the elevator and walked down the hall to his office.
Tom already knew that.
Tom isn't afraid of dying.
I had entirely forgotten about that.
He says he's waiting for her.
A flight attendant was rescued from the wreckage of the pass
Mars is an inhospitable world.
They said they didn't have a dog.
Things look good.
Sami can't say anything.
He was falling asleep on the couch.
Sami was standing in a check-out line.
I think Tom goes to Australia at least once a year.
There was little question how they would vote.
Tom told me he doesn't use Facebook anymore.
Be happy if you can, that's wisdom; making others happy is virtue.
Sami felt alone.
Tom seems to agree with us.
Tom and I weren't happy in Australia.
Tom isn't likely to be unfair.
Tom and Mary aren't really my cousins.
It was courteous of him to write a letter of thanks.
Please let Tom do his job.
The women have umbrellas.
She and I were able to help him.
Before Tom could leave, the police arrived.
Mary is upset right now, isn't she?
We became very good friends.
Mary might've waited longer if you'd called her.
You want to go to Australia with Tom, don't you?
I envy it.
I didn't know that Tom was a student here.
She's raking in the cash.
I've never sung in public.
They were told to do that by themselves.
You have quite the imagination.
They look like they're relieved.
Tom isn't going to ask Mary to do that.
Layla never did anything.
Sami doesn't want to fight.
The weather was balmy.
Algerians want better living conditions.
Mary is sleeping now, isn't she?
Betty cannot keep any secret to herself for a long time.
Mary says she needs to talk to you.
I didn't think that Tom would be awake at this time of night.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the only one who had to do that.
I bet it's not the first time Tom has done that.
I don't think that Tom is a good lawyer.
The riot was put down.
Tom said that he felt intimidated.
I still refuse to do that.
Since everyone usually loves a person similar to themselves, this mother passionately loved her older daughter and, at the same time, had a terrifying hate for the younger.
Tom doesn't want Mary to suffer.
She rarely stays home on Sundays.
Making friends and meeting new people doesn't need to feel scary.
In Algeria, it's said that in the 1970's, you could be arrested for speaking Berber in public.
Leave my girlfriend alone.
Tom and Mary sat by the window watching the snow fall down.
Tom gave Mary a diamond bracelet for their wedding anniversary.
Tom will probably be forgiven.
I got on the bus.
Sami wasn't coming back.
I'll come by and pick you up tomorrow morning.
I think that Tom will eventually give up and ask Mary to do that for him.
My father was as old as I am now when he started working.
I think that Tom shouldn't tell Mary about the accident.
Everybody who was anybody was there.
Sami rented a cottage for a week.
In spite of the warm weather he was crouching over a fire, and the little room was like an oven.
Why is it important to recycle?
I'm not likely to be able to do that.
She had an assortment of plants on each windowsill so they could get enough light.
The ocean's supposed blueness comes entirely from the sky.
I was really happy that Tom was able to do that.
The imam was like a big brother to me.
He said that he felt very tired.
There might be casualties.
Tom said he's hungry.
Tom said that he waited for a long time, but Mary never showed up.
You look alarmed.
The last time I saw you we were prisoners.
Do you know where last Monday's newspaper is?
That must be Tom's mother.
I thought you moved to Australia.
I have a previous
Tom arrived at 2:30.
I concentrated my attention on the little things of history.
Tom looks like he's having a bad day.
Sami found a body in the tent.
Children are very impressionable.
When the truck slides, you can't even turn the wheel.
I knew Tom was going to wait for Mary.
Let me ask another question.
They promised me they wouldn't be late.
I thought that Tom was likely to win.
Pitch the newspaper onto the porch.
He believed that he could do that.
Tom took a bus both ways.
Did someone tell you that you had to do this?
This clock is electric.
Veber's new movie, "Le Dîner de cons", like his famous film "La Cage aux folles", is very amusing.
The rocket blasted out of the atmosphere.
I haven’t learnt it yet.
Thanks for the advice. I'll give it a try.
Tom peeled the potatoes.
She was watching me.
Tom and Mary don't want to go back to college.
I like to brush my teeth with this toothpaste.
Tom told Mary he wanted a divorce.
Wyoming has the nation’s lowest rate of acceptance that humans are the main cause of climate change.
Do we have rare earths in Algeria?
I'm sure you'll tell me what I need to know.
I don't think Mary really meant what she said.
I knew they would suspect you.
He made the same mistake twice.
The race was watched by a crowd of nearly a quarter of a million people.
They did it all themselves.
She has no fashion sense.
Where do you think they went?
I'm also from Algiers.
I told her that I wasn't ready.
Tom wasn't a bit scared.
He started the truck.
Mennad answered the door and let us in the house.
I was the only one who knew Tom was coming.
Sami did not need that.
I wonder what Tom is scared of.
I winked at Tom.
I don't think that this city is as safe as it used to be.
I swear I didn't see him.
How can I ever forgive myself?
One person here has already died from this disease.
After I read that, I realized what I'd done was wrong.
Sami is mildly delusional.
You should've asked Tom for permission to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be here later.
I don't think I can move to Australia.
We heard a voice from the bedroom.
He will do something.
Tom and Mary eloped and are now living in Australia.
The room charge is 100 dollars a night.
Tom is my soul mate.
"Trump wants to buy Greenland." "Why doesn't he try to buy Australia instead?"
Tom didn't get paid for all the work he did.
Tom told me I should quit doing that.
I think I have a fever.
She was left alone in the room.
How could you still be upset about that?
Mennad is very shy.
Does Mary really think Tom is younger than she is?
Tom had no idea I'd be here.
I am often compared to my older brother.
Yes, she's our manager.
She's also a beauty.
She mixed herself a drink.
She was thirteen when she first met him.
I think that Tom is in his office.
Who's supposed to be there?
It's not natural for a mother to outlive her child.
"What's your phone number?" "It's 1234-5678."
Tom doesn't plan to do that anytime soon.
He took out an egg.
They said they bought that for you.
I joined the study tour.
I had to stay home all weekend because I was sick.
I'll give this book to whoever wants it.
Beyle feels helpless.
It wasn't that hard to find a pair of shoes that fit.
Is it proper to enter a mosque wearing dirty socks?
Let's wrap this thing up.
I asked Tom and Mary why they wanted to study French.
Our school has a swimming pool.
Tom and Mary are going to get hurt if they're not careful.
Tom was arrested by a plainclothes police officer.
How do we know you're not just going to tell them anyway?
I don't let Mary do that by herself.
I have no energy.
We wanted to ask Tom some questions, but he's gone.
He painted the door over white.
I'm not impressed with Tom.
I have hunger pangs.
I suspect Tom has to go to Australia.
Marie fed the fish.
We must consider his youth.
Galileo Galilei was an Italian astronomer and an important figure in the initial development of the modern sciences. His discoveries contradicted the teachings of the Catholic Church, and Galileo was put on trial for heresy by the Inquisition.
Tom said that he would buy me anything I wanted.
We must make economies in buying clothes.
Did you know Tom was Mary's father?
She bought a Kabyle dress from that store.
Mennad isn't going to commit suicide.
Whoever comes to see us is welcome.
Do you speak Welsh?
Tom and Mary kept their relationship hidden from their parents.
Tom said that Mary was stingy.
In general, the Japanese are polite.
He's old enough to be your father.
I just didn't think Tom would do that.
I make it a rule to do that for about three hours every day.
She said that she's embarrassed.
I wonder what this sign means.
Mary decided to sell her house.
Tom said it was out of the question.
Tom is about to run out of his medications.
I didn't know why Tom was sad.
I'm sure Tom meant to do that.
Food prices have been going up.
I've spent some time in Boston.
Tom said that he wished that Mary and I'd behave ourselves.
I wonder what I'll do once I get home.
I wonder who this is from.
Who is Mary?
Don't go home yet.
Could you stop moving for a minute?
Mary hasn't yet told me why she needs to do that.
Just to warn you in advance, today's blog is no fun.
Tom doesn't give money to chuggers out of principle.
Do you like ripe apricots?
That's what we felt.
Tom may leave any minute.
I promised Tom to help him on condition that he would stop hurting Mary.
Mennad doesn't love you.
Tom is convinced that he should to do that.
Did you understand what he said?
They told me that they were strict.
Tom pretended he didn't know what Mary was talking about.
If I could be reborn, I would want to be the child of a rich family, then I'd be set for life.
We've got to leave.
Tom has proved that it works.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that by herself.
He was welcomed with loud shouting by the people.
I took a lot of it.
Both Tom and Mary are still high school students.
It would be difficult to do that by yourself.
He looks great, doesn't he?
It's normal. There's nothing to be scared of.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, the former royal highnesses best known to the public as Harry and Meghan, appear to have left their wooded paradise on Vancouver Island in western Canada for the bright lights of Los Angeles.
Honey is sweet.
Tom sat on a box, looking out the window.
I'll be your first patient.
Tom declared that today is Opposite Day.
The town is in a mountainous district.
Dan encouraged Linda to report the rape.
Tom didn't look away.
Mennad was new there.
Is the deal done?
If it were not for my family, I would give up this job.
Tom shut the door behind him.
Tom has to help us today.
He said he knew he could do that.
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.
I'm the only one in my family who can speak French.
Will you please wait on me, miss?
Is Tom still interested in going to Australia with us?
You need not stand up.
I won't tell Tom what I want to do.
I'm afraid of cats.
I'd rather not discuss Tom.
They are our dearest friends.
I cannot comply with his request.
I don't think that we'll see Tom again.
It seems likely that Tom told the truth.
Are you still trying to impress me?
Sami and Layla were catching up about everything.
Tom spoke to Mary again.
Money cannot buy health.
Australia is one of the countries I want to visit.
Sami is not letting Layla go back there again.
I helped Tom decide where to hang the picture.
I do the dishes with my hands.
Tom is a great man.
That's where I wanna live.
I wonder what's going to happen to us.
Tom is doing his best to get the report done on time.
We've had a number of injuries.
They restrained Tom.
How does he learn Berber?
What Tom really wanted was a date with Mary.
Nicolaus Copernicus became interested in astronomy while he was a university student in Italy.
If you can't do that, I'll find someone who can.
I don't think that Tom is obligated to do that.
Will they come?
You may come with me if you want to.
Pull the other one.
I know Tom will be punished for doing that.
I'll see you soon, Tom.
The water is pure.
Well, that's all I have.
I must be calm.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot of friends in Boston.
I have a lot of homework to do today.
Do I have to get a visa to visit Australia?
You don't want that, do you?
Sami and Layla were cousins.
Tom ought to have been there.
It just doesn't count.
We buy a lot of things from them.
Is it an action movie?
The job market is not saturated.
Mary knows what she's getting into.
I'm looking for someone to help me translate something from French into English.
Stop playing video games and get to the gym.
I wanted to leave.
After lunch, they usually have a nap.
It was a smart move.
It was so obvious.
The train is late because of the snow.
Tom began to sing and we all joined in.
They prefer a hotel that is close to the airport.
I admit I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
Tom realized that you shouldn't to do that.
You are rich indeed, but I doubt that you are happy.
If I were you, I would paint it blue.
Could you spare me a few minutes?
This is Kabylie, a beautiful and enchanting region in the north of Algeria.
I usually agree with her.
She decided to keep her distance.
Perhaps it can be repaired.
Tom and I were exhausted.
We'll swim.
I think Tom won't be awake now.
I gave Tom the wrong medicine by mistake.
The microphone is live.
He wants to move forward, not backwards.
He claimed he's done that.
My parents aren't living anymore.
We'll go over it again tomorrow morning.
When we landed, we saw our friend on the pier.
The State Department issued an unprecedented global Level 4 travel advisory warning Americans not to travel abroad and for those in other countries to return immediately unless they plan to stay outside the United States for an extended period time.
His explanation really isn't clear.
I've decided that I'll go back to Australia by myself.
Sami slapped his dick on the table.
I think that Tom might want to do that.
Mary would've gone with us if we'd invited her.
They tried to hide their feelings.
Sami's father worked two jobs.
Now she suffers for her crime.
Would you like to go to a soccer game?
It's useless talking to him.
Sami has to talk to Layla.
Is it dangerous?
I think I heard a dog barking in the distance.
We did the best we could.
In this case, you're not welcome to stay here.
I would often play tennis with him.
That isn't my concern.
Sami doesn't remember much of day one.
It's okay as long as no one finds out about it.
Tajikistan is a Central Asian country.
I suppose she's got a point.
We've got a cash flow problem.
He went into panic mode.
Can you give me an update?
I owe it to my doctor that I am still alive.
What a boring game!
I cannot sing in front of an audience for shame.
We almost got caught a few times.
That's probably Tom's car.
Don't talk with that smiling face.
I take it we're stuck here for the next few hours.
I can't find a clean shirt.
Tom told us he was really frustrated.
The room was in total disorder.
Tom found some chocolate in Mary's desk drawer.
He was looking at you.
Where did he live last year?
I have to find out who killed Tom.
Nuja let Skura swim.
I don't have enough money to travel.
Jogging in the morning energizes me for the whole day.
Tom's father has disowned him.
I really enjoyed reading this book.
Mary agreed that she'd pay half the rent.
Don't you remember me telling you all this?
It made them sad.
Sami's house has been broken into.
Bad drivers should have their licenses taken away from them.
No one ever goes there anymore.
What did you do to make Tom so angry?
That guy looks exactly like Tom.
I didn't think Tom was still alive.
She told me she'd do that soon.
Tom said that he thought he might do that on October 20th.
She looks at least sixty.
Tom decided to take it apart.
Tom has a secret admirer.
That wasn't the deal.
I couldn't stand.
I read more e-books than printed books.
He's not afraid of political correctness.
Tom works for an advertising agency.
What other way is there to do this?
Will feeding my dog garlic cause any problems?
He wants to do that in Algiers.
My hearing is bad.
I intend to go back to Boston.
Tom said that Mary wasn't single.
This should be a no-brainer.
Tom isn't suggesting Mary did that, is he?
He likes to listen to classical music.
Let's see what you've been hiding from us.
Tom has requested asylum.
Mary isn't very good at her job.
You have to chew the food before you swallow it.
Tom said that he didn't plan to go by himself.
Mennad has a brother-in-law.
There is a rising middle class in Algeria.
Tom has one.
He wasn't waiting for her.
How often can you do that?
Please don't bring alcoholic beverages into the stadium.
He is unsociable.
Tom and I went hiking together on October 20th.
Add more water.
There's something that I'd like to talk to you about.
She got all flustered when the boy she likes came over to talk to her.
I'm not his date!
You can swim much better than he can.
Baya's makeup is perfect.
They said that they weren't happy.
This is the progress that we merit!
I suggest you keep your opinions to yourselves from now on.
The kid kept all of his coins in a piggy bank.
Sami wasn't a stoner.
I know that Tom isn't likely to win.
We should stop at the next rest stop.
Sleep is necessary to good health.
Tom is likely to leave tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was afraid.
Why does Tom need to be there at 2:30?
It'll be wonderful.
Tom is a cave diver.
I haven't yet had an appointment with this accountant.
Mennad closed the door.
I think both Tom and Mary are ticklish.
Tom drank and drank until he passed out.
Tom won't quit.
Sami and Layla sat at a two person table.
I figured that you'd be here.
You may not like Tom at first, but eventually he's likely to be one of your best friends.
Tom wasn't upset when I told him about what had happened.
How's your wife, Tom?
I collect them.
I take five kinds of magazines every month.
I am looking for audiobooks in Berber.
I couldn't get the cork out of the bottle.
I think Tom could do that if he really wanted to.
You don't have to speak.
I'm unable to do manual labour.
I think that Tom wasn't being sincere.
I think doing that was wrong.
Asteroids are not close to each other. They are roughly 1 million miles from each other.
I want to be a kindergarten teacher.
We're awaiting your order.
Please come if you can.
I bet Tom and Mary were very happy.
I love Mary.
Tom was watching a basketball game on TV.
I was really drunk last night.
I searched all over for him.
"Have you finished it?" "On the contrary, I've just begun."
It's the secret for improving oneself.
I knew Tom was a busy man.
Tom suspected Mary was using drugs.
Do you like to play the piano?
This show has billions of viewers.
She's the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
I'll go and get Tom.
I'm preparing the lunch.
Tom wished that the dog belonged to him.
Tom is going to be staying for dinner.
I'd better have a talk with Tom.
We're husband and wife.
No one I know talks to Tom anymore.
I know that I'll be able to do that.
How do you do it exactly?
Tom abused his bodily power several times.
I won't be sorry to see Tom leave.
Could you describe those procedures?
Sami should honor God's word.
Tom tried to kiss Mary and she slapped him.
Why do you think you need a bodyguard?
Tom has been very patient.
She made me a cake.
The perpetrator used a sledgehammer to smash his way through reinforced glass doors.
Tom is on a lot of medication.
I came to Boston last month.
That's what made me happy.
Usually I drink two cups of coffee with lunch.
Tom looks like he's satisfied.
We are nearing our goal.
Tom doesn't want to play golf with Mary.
The king ordered that the town should be fortified as well as possible.
The light bulb burned out.
I'll give you two hours to get ready.
This mushroom is poisonous.
We need to talk right now.
The students didn't understand the teacher's explanation.
This holiday isn't much fun - we should go home.
I don't feel comfortable posing in the nude.
I kept an eye on Tom.
The water is cold.
We have been good friends for ten years.
Take the jug to the dining room.
I don't have any trouble falling asleep.
My e-mail address will be changed effective Aug. 1 as follows.
I need to get on with my work.
You've earned a good rest.
I couldn't turn down the job that they offered me.
Gluten is real and it makes people sick.
Tom asked me to throw him the ball.
Tom said that's not his biggest problem.
Do I really remind you of him?
Tom is a good French teacher.
I know Tom knew why you didn't do that.
Sami lived a prestigious life.
Tom is here in this hotel.
Tom is good with his hands and has built many interesting things.
Is it true Tom's dog doesn't have a tail?
Have you had any lunch?
I'll do that myself.
This music lifts my spirits up.
For once in my life I want to make perfumes.
Tom and Mary met at a New Year Party.
She is doing her homework now.
I completely understand that.
You see, humans don't create time; if we did we'd never run out of it.
The National Liberation Front party is know for its lust for power.
He's just so cute.
Tirana is an Albanian town.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was exhausted.
A lot of reports came to the policeman that a wild monkey was found.
She is upset.
We must alter our plan.
Sometimes you don't have to speak the same language to understand each other.
It came out as 150 grams. Should I leave it like that?
I like my women like I like my almonds: baked and covered in chocolate.
You can play so many more notes on this instrument.
I am just warming up now.
Why don't we sit down and talk about it?
I'm quite better now.
Tom graduated in the same year as Mary.
Did you live here before?
Tom likes wearing expensive clothes.
I'll be there in half an hour.
Can't you see I'm busy here?
I'm sure that's not the school Tom goes to.
Mary played a waltz on her accordion.
Tom got back home earlier than expected.
I thought that Tom was going to be here.
Get your bony ass out of bed!
Tom knows what Mary wants.
Mary says she can't help.
Tom hit his attacker with a hammer.
Tom and Mary told me they like swimming.
Cable boxes are more useful as places for cats to sleep than as entertainment machines.
"I can sing," said Tom.
Here come some more people.
I gave her no choice.
Tom isn't done yet.
I enjoy doing that.
I come from a small town in the Midwest.
She said she was sympathetic.
She doesn't seem to know what to do with her leisure time.
Tom committed a terrible crime.
Sanctions might work.
Would you mind if I took a picture?
Tom is up next.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
I think we'll be able to do that today.
I still can't believe that I'm going to be on your team.
I am talking to my child.
How many weeks do you think Tom will be traveling around Australia?
There are many ships in the harbor.
It's safe to say they don't much care.
Tom is already asleep.
I kissed Mary last night.
I'll do anything Tom asks me to do.
If you wish to be treated like an educated person, you have to become an educated person.
Have you met the new boss?
Sami played on Layla's emotions.
My father is in his fifties.
I'm doing very well, thank you. And you?
Sami grew up thinking his dead was a murderer.
We've seen this pattern before.
We'll discuss that problem tomorrow.
Mennad didn't feel he loved Baya.
You could incriminate yourself if you aren't careful.
Sami was not Muslim.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was thirsty.
He never visits us without bringing some presents for my children.
Did you leave the door open?
Those who are in love with practice without knowledge are like the sailor who gets into a ship without rudder or compass and who never can be certain whither he is going.
Sami shot his daughter.
There’s nothing worse in the world than not being able to draw air into your lungs.
There's no way that we're going to be able to get approved for a loan.
Wash the car.
The library was founded in memory of the scholar.
It's awfully hot today.
Jump up, sit down...
You're both missing the big picture.
Tom is my old partner.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil.
Thanks for the breakfast and the present.
I can't say I'm shocked.
Sami didn't see Layla for a few months.
He's similar.
She jumped out of the frying pan into the fire.
It was perfect!
The cat waited in front of the mousehole for over ten minutes.
"Let me get you a cup of coffee." "I'd appreciate that."
He's an exorcist.
Tom means us no harm.
It's a plant.
Layla had a nice ass.
Tom slept soundly next to Mary.
Don't you think we can get there in time?
Tom's boss told him that his performance left a lot to be desired.
Mont Blanc is covered with snow all the year round.
I brought you here for a reason.
He's not home.
He brought a small gift for her.
She had plenty of acquaintances, but no friends.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary weren't hurt.
These gloves don't fit me.
Nobody said a thing.
Tom didn't know who Mary's ex-husband was.
Are Tom and Mary really a couple?
Tom was convinced.
Harden up!
Tom said that I looked really confused.
They left their cars unlocked.
The fence needed painting.
The astronauts had to use special tools to collect rock samples on the Moon because they could not bend over in their spacesuits.
This guitar belongs to him.
Sami hired a private investigator to find out the truth.
Mary oiled her bicycle.
I've driven to Boston many times.
Every category has its disadvantages and advantages.
If your life is overfilled with stuff you may need to set some limits.
Tom padded his resume.
Mary told Tom she was interested.
I arrived here last night.
Yanni had a cup of tea.
I have the invoice.
Tom tried, unsuccessfully, to smile.
Make sure you turn everything off before you leave.
Tom taught Sunday school classes.
I don't have to justify my decision to you.
He is known to everyone as a great scholar.
Esperantists are our friends.
He looks like he's tense.
Stay away from my girlfriend.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Save a piece of cake for me.
I want you to follow him.
When a dog is very hungry, it devours its food.
This is the spitting image of the real thing, perfectly true to life.
Do you see the rose?
I'm not your enemy, Tom.
We welcome submissions.
I'd completely forgotten that.
Get your hands off him.
We will celebrate Eid ul-Fitr tomorrow.
Tom did something very, very stupid.
Tom is suffering from a serious illness.
She didn't do it again, did she?
I think they saw me.
Our team is unlikely to win.
My opinion is completely different from yours.
Tom could've been the one responsible for what happened, but we don't think so.
Don't worry, just follow my lead!
Try to hold it together.
I guess they really weren't hungry.
Bless these little children.
I cannot praise her enough.
Tom is getting better at swimming.
I've lived in this house for three years.
I can hear Tom in the kitchen washing dishes.
If you do what I want you to, I'll give you this.
You looked like you were scared.
They smiled at one another.
I said exactly what they wanted to hear.
If you want to write in English, then do it.
Tom is going to wear the new coat that he bought yesterday.
Sami had no idea what was happening.
Tom and Mary were shocked when they heard that John had been arrested.
I won't be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
Intelligence violates the law of instinct.
Mary might've been there yesterday, but I didn't see her.
Tom and I speak French together.
I can't play the piano as well as I used to.
When do owls sleep?
Tom can't remember where he hid the documents.
Our Father in heaven: may your holy name be honored.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't see what was happening.
Tom and Mary said they were disappointed.
Are you always at home of an evening?
In a pinch, Tom can do without wine, but not coffee.
They talked in their sleep.
Thousands of people died during the plague.
Soon you will be speaking Portuguese.
They came in such great numbers: all of them, big and small.
Tom said he had a surprise for you.
You and I both know that isn't true.
You were quite helpful.
They shouldn't be allowed out.
I've just finished eating breakfast.
How can we ever repay you?
I forgot that Tom used to live in Boston.
It might be a good idea to ask Tom to help.
I'd better talk to them.
The more careful you are, the fewer mistakes you make.
Tom and Mary showed me the letter that they received from John.
They leaned forward in their chairs.
I want you to call them.
I don't know when she will come.
Tom said that he'd never tried water skiing.
Marriage is a patriarchal institution.
Shove over.
You will get a CD set on your birthday.
You're a great help.
Tom wanted to take his kids home.
Tom is able to swim well.
I suspect Tom and Mary are serious.
There is no disgrace in being poor.
How much do you usually spend when you eat out?
The quality of salmon being sold here is high.
You don't plan on staying in Boston very long, do you?
I'm not sure whether I've made the right decision or not.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that.
I told Tom I wasn't going anywhere.
Tom balled his hands into fists.
Cool air blows gently.
Life in Australia is good.
Tom went to school with my son.
Let me come to your fire to warm myself.
After they've been blanched, the artichokes can be frozen.
I have often heard it said that honesty is the best policy.
I should've given you this sooner.
I know who you all are.
He didn't acknowledge defeat.
I'm really looking forward to relaxing this weekend.
Why are you doing that, Tom?
His pretentiousness is irritating.
We subscribe to a newspaper.
Tom and Mary are going to be late again.
The idea is that you sing.
Algeria needs to reduce bureaucracy.
I didn't think that Tom would really have enough time to finish writing the report.
I look on him as my best friend.
The drowning man called for help, but in vain.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really sleepy.
I'll pay you well.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought you could probably do that.
The boy has been sleeping for ten hours.
Are you the bank manager?
That was a very good movie.
I wanted money.
This problem requires a large effort to be solved.
Leave them alone.
A round light is hanging from the middle of the ceiling.
Mary admitted that she had been secretly going out with Tom.
"I want nothing from you; I ask nothing of you; why cannot we be friends?"
Tom is really weird.
Tom says he didn't have a lawyer.
We talked about that.
I thought you said that we weren't going to do that.
Why didn't someone help us?
Mary asked me to give her money.
I think Tom was in some kind of danger.
Tom is having the time of his life.
Tom didn't ask how Mary died.
Tom can speak French much better than Mary.
They need to stay where they are.
In the same moment, a thought about tomorrow's work came to my mind.
Algeria has many areas that are virtually unreachable.
The tree was struck by lightning.
I've seen this movie many times.
Tom said that Mary didn't think doing that would be safe.
He took the Berber test.
Sami was very focused on his kids and career.
He baked a cake for her.
Mennad wanted to do a video on that, too.
Tighter livestock control is leading to excesses: three cattle were shot in Kuopio because of missing EU eartags.
I've done many interesting things in my life.
How can we best support learners to become balanced bilinguals?
I was anxious to get hold of John, but he was nowhere to be seen.
He had no one to blame but himself.
I'll present it to you now, but it's for your birthday.
Our economy still hasn't improved.
Tom wanted to buy a few things.
Tom is cooperating, isn't he?
Tom is making breakfast now.
Compare your composition with the example.
Did you know there was a secret passage hidden behind the bookcase?
Does a uniform eliminate class difference?
Tom left his children alone at home.
Sami will never see his home again.
I don't want my name on this report.
He always seems to be by himself.
He tried to write a book about Islam.
I can't endure that noise a moment longer.
What makes you think Tom can't do that?
I didn't raise my hand.
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than those specified herein may result in hazardous radiation exposure.
The sheep is white with black rings around her eyes.
It is said that adolescent friendships do not often last.
The Battle of North Africa was over.
She doesn't have to help him.
Sami is talking to a customer.
I'm not going to talk anymore.
I know that Tom knew why Mary was planning to do that.
His methodology is very amateurish.
Sami looks good.
At first I chose to listen to him in silence.
Tom realized Mary ought to do that.
Sami went to work around six o'clock.
Mary persuaded the store manager to give her back her money.
He's been told not to do that by himself.
I asked around about you.
Tom, you've got to talk to Mary.
Summer time will start next Sunday.
He's ignoring me, isn't he?
He lost two sons in the war.
Tom and Mary said they had a very urgent matter to discuss with their boss.
I don't think anybody's going to help you.
Mary has long eyelashes.
Tom seemed a bit depressed this morning.
The hungry cat kept meowing outside the window.
In autumn, the leaf of the plant becomes a reddish color.
Tom always says what he thinks.
Where do we need to do that?
Mennad is competely dehydrated.
Tom doesn't know what he has to do.
Tom was demanding.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be careful.
I wasn't expecting you until 2:30.
I knew that you would appreciate it.
Do you want to go for a swim with me?
Not only can't I tell Tom, I can't even tell you.
It's a pretty good one.
I can't run as fast.
I'm not sure I have to do that again.
Tom still has no idea why Mary doesn't want to do that.
A sandwich without ham is not a sandwich.
I'm only going to say it one more time.
Mennad broke his nose and has to get surgery.
I know Tom will never win.
Tom refused to stop eating meat.
I took it for granted.
He said he remembered being there.
Tom wasn't surprised that Mary was asking him for a divorce.
Your house is three times as big as mine.
"What do you do?" "I'm in sales."
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are the sort of couple who don't go out much in the evenings.
I want you to wait for me until I get through with work at 7.
He is a recognized authority on the subject.
Mennad can't leave Baya out there.
I didn't tell anyone who I really was.
I don't want to rock the boat.
I noticed you were looking at paintings.
This package was delivered last night.
We are worried because of his unexpected departure.
Tom has already decided he's going not to do that.
You'll miss me.
She was bereaved of a son.
Do you think she still loves my letters?
This is not a good idea.
I don't think Tom wants to go.
Sami spent 600 dollars that day.
Tom is supposed to do that tomorrow.
Maria was lucky.
Lisa Lillien is married to Dan Schneider.
I tried to reason with him.
Every time we go anywhere, something awful happens.
He contemplated their plan.
Tom's racist comments cost him his job.
Sami asked Layla to stop following him.
The ground was covered with frost this morning.
I don't think I'm supposed to be here.
If Tom can't tell you what you want to know, maybe Mary can.
I think Tom's anger is just a defense mechanism; I wouldn't take it personally if I were you.
What would Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary looked around to make sure nobody was looking at them.
Tom isn't my coach.
Sami told us a ton of ridiculous stories about aliens.
Tom is still not completely convinced.
As you all know, we are in the midst of a global pandemic.
Tom was hurt in the attack.
The number of cars on the city's roads has increased.
We have a lot to discuss.
Fortunately, those times are over.
If the police had arrived five minutes earlier, all the outlaws would have been caught red-handed.
Tom and Mary said that they're planning to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they may not do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was afraid to do that.
Do you mean you didn't do that with Tom?
She has painted the door red.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning on doing that.
Tom is welcome wherever he goes.
Did Tom do that today?
Tom doesn't have to help us today.
Tom said I sounded happy.
I think Tom will do that with Mary.
Tom told Mary that he was going to leave Boston.
She didn't remember him.
Tom thought about what Mary had said.
The school is three miles from my house.
I still love this bicycle.
You really are something.
Layla immediately wanted to meet Sami.
Sami always has medical issues.
You wasted your money.
They have all been through wind tests.
Algiers needs to improve its trash system.
That sounded weird.
Because Vasilissa was the greatest beauty in the whole village, the stepmother and her two daughters envied and hated her.
Did she cheat on you?
Tom couldn't find his contact lens.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be difficult.
Did you show it to your parents?
It should be OK to eat now.
Tell them your name.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to be busy.
Tom and Mary told me that they had to walk home.
Why don't you go see him?
Do you often take trips?
She handed the photo album to him.
Tom doesn't have a house.
Hypocrisy is everywhere.
Tom read the poem he wrote to Mary.
Tom plays tennis.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to help him do that.
Do you like peas?
Do you have a website?
I thought you didn't like Australia.
He's a doctor.
The sled dogs are starving.
The superior man controls things, he is not controlled by them.
Mennad ate a ton of sweets.
We're expected back in Boston on Monday.
Do Tom and Mary really think they can take care of themselves?
I know that Tom is a pretty good dancer.
Tom is too generous with his money.
I might need some persuading.
Sami didn't like Layla napping in his room.
I plan to stay in bed all day and read a book.
I am eating a watermelon.
I kept my part of the deal.
It isn't going to be easy to decide.
Tom acts scared.
Sami was fighting his daughter like she was a man on the street.
Did you sleep yesterday afternoon?
I got here only a week ago.
Tom said that he was stunned.
The signal turned from red to green.
Do you play the oboe as well as you play the clarinet?
She went on working.
I can't tell you where Tom is because I don't know.
Humans were never meant to live forever.
Does Tom know why you weren't at his party?
She's a lot better today, isn't she?
What other excuse could I have?
Mr. Johnson isn't in his house now.
Sami got sick from being force-fed.
Ronaldo shot the ball right into the back of the net to score the winning goal.
I'm surprised you agreed to have lunch with me.
Yamada caused the accident.
How would you feel if your wife left you?
President Woodrow Wilson officially established June 14 as Flag Day in 1916.
Let's see if Tom and Mary have any ideas.
It sounds like you had a great time.
He told me that he was desperate.
It is not wise to put your money on a horse.
Thanks to a massive injection of post-riot funds, small, cheerfully painted apartment buildings have all but eclipsed peeling grim high-rises.
His bike is red.
Please don't ask me to do that again.
Please don't leave me!
They should take their medication.
The official informed Bob that his request for a parking permit had been rejected.
How many hours have Tom and Mary been doing that?
Did you know that's from Australia?
Are we going to China on vacation?
I don't see why it shouldn't work.
I failed horribly.
I'm sure there's a connection.
They said they didn't like baseball.
The only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
What the hell do you mean by that?
I don't think I understand why Tom and Mary are trying to do that.
Tom felt good.
Tom is the victim of a terrible crime.
He visited the museum with her.
July is climatologically the globe's warmest month of the year.
Mary will do what she can to help Tom.
She's back in Boston, isn't she?
Sami could not trust Layla.
I'm not doing that now.
Tom is particularly kind to Mary.
We hold out no expectation of success.
It hid the sun.
You don't say.
Tom fed the chickens.
I think that Tom is clever.
He was so rich that he could buy any painting he took a fancy to.
No official complaint was filed.
Tom didn't have to yell at me.
Tom won't likely be awake now.
She's a songwriter, isn't she?
I'm married to Laurie.
Tom and Mary say they're very hungry.
Thanks for putting up with my questions.
Let me see your ticket.
I don't usually agree with Tom about anything.
Tom, what do you want to have for dinner?
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Your children look healthy.
We're not likely to be hearing from Tom for quite a while.
She was beginning to get desperate.
This is the worst of all.
Sami fell in love with his maid.
That car is expensive.
She said that she appreciated that.
It was no "hunting accident".
Tom's and Mary's doctors advised them to get more exercise.
I'm starting to feel more confident.
He promised the slaves that they would be freed.
Our train stopped suddenly.
Sami helped training Layla.
Tom isn't the only one who was injured.
Layla and Sami were playing tennis.
I gave the waiter a good tip.
"I've found a way to make him really jealous." "Oh, do tell!"
I know Tom is a lot smarter than most people think he is.
She's going to get her chance.
When your child dies, you lose your future.
Tom's house is the third house on the left.
Mary became aware of her powers.
Many of the world's seven thousand or so languages are spoken only by handfuls of living people and are in danger of extinction.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was married.
Mary isn't yet able to swim, is she?
Why are Tom and Mary excited?
You may as well leave home at once.
I've sent you a package.
Tom was forced to admit that he'd been wrong.
Tom is going to love it here.
Next week, I'm going to New York.
I don't care what the regulations say.
Sami had a sick feeling in his stomach.
She resigned this week.
I didn't think that Tom knew how to do that.
Tom now knows everything.
I think that it's really nice what you're doing.
Mary said that you were very mean and hateful to her.
Tom is going to be furious.
He'll be late for the meeting.
I don't play tennis.
Rape and pedophilia are very common in Algeria.
I was worried about him.
I lived in Kabylie, Algeria, for five years.
Just take water.
Yimach shemo!
We've all done that a few times.
Tom is three now.
This photo was taken in Boston three years ago.
I'll show you another one.
We have no access to clean water.
He learned Berber in high school.
Give me some of those.
Can you guess the price?
Tom is in a meeting.
Sami is his father's proud and joy.
I told him that was ridiculous.
Sami didn't seem to care about that.
They say that they spoke without thinking.
Raised hands have become a symbol of protest.
Do you mind signing a waiver?
Something has happened to her.
Although she practised every afternoon, her tennis didn't improve at all.
She isn't young.
She introduced the lady to me.
She talks loudly without stopping.
Tom complained that Mary never helped him.
Tom and Mary are both teachers.
Were you there when Tom talked?
Tom used to live next door to me.
She planned to go by herself.
You should let Tom know that you'll do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John could do that by himself.
The giraffe came out of the huge cage.
In the past, some people with cancer or other chronic illnesses ran out of insurance coverage because their health care expenses reached a dollar limit imposed by their insurance company. Under the health care law, insurers can no longer impose lifetime dollar limits on essential health benefits and annual limits are being phased out by 2014.
Time is the great healer.
I won't be able to practice.
You may not like it, but you should at least try it.
Prepare to die.
Tom and I aren't rich.
I don't think that Tom will wait very long.
Tom recommended this movie.
Tom didn't get here on time.
Tom loves the banjo.
Sami is going to love those videos.
Sami was driving on a high-speed highway.
Dispatch a royal rider with this sealed letter from the king.
Tom cut a hole in the fence and crawled through.
I bought this at a garage sale.
I'll ask him if he's busy or not.
David defeats Goliath in court.
I’m more prepared to listen than you are to recite.
I wanted Tom to say yes.
Even Tom was baffled.
Have you been able to confirm all of this?
Tom said that he won't be allowed to do that anymore.
It is said that people can live comfortably if the nation is ruled with virtue.
Tom will get angry if he doesn't win.
Tom said that he was glad Mary did that.
I checked her out from the corner of my eye.
I told her to stay indoors.
Tom and Mary say that they'd be willing to help us.
Tom walked with his shoulder into the wind.
He was sleeping.
The choice is very simple.
I'm afraid that we don't have the time.
An ugly man knocked on my door.
Do you know why this is happening?
Tom isn't very popular.
Tom likes going to the beach.
Is there any chance of your coming to Tokyo again this year?
I don't think Tom knows how many loaves of bread he is supposed to buy.
Go upstairs.
When did you translate this letter?
Tom polishes his shoes once a week.
Tom sometimes works as a substitute teacher.
We can learn from the examples of good people.
Dan shot Linda, killing her instantly.
I don't need a job.
If you take my advice, you'll see a doctor.
The town of Kalofer has applied to the U.N. cultural agency UNESCO for this traditional ritual to be inscribed as part of the "intangible cultural heritage of humanity."
Come what may, we must remain cheerful.
I think Tom is sincere.
I'm afraid I won't be able to make myself understand in English.
Tom went in my place.
He is more shy than timid.
There were twice as many university applicants in 1992 as in 1982.
I studied French last night.
Tom stayed out after curfew.
Why haven't you eaten the food I cooked?
We will present our idea to the committee.
If you were to win the lottery, what would you buy with the money?
As soon as he gives the sign, you have to fall into the river and call for help.
Tom gave Mary a shove.
Tom and Mary like antique furniture.
Mennad doesn't care who it is.
Mary was willing to do that, but Tom said she didn't need to.
The police tracked down Tom to his house.
Tom didn't get home until a little after 2:30.
I should probably not tell Tom to do that for me.
Tell Tom he has to leave.
They jumped through a window into the river.
The President decided to provide developing countries with sufficient aid.
Your outfit screams disaster.
Tom had no job at that time.
He likes to squeeze in tight parking spaces.
That may need to change.
In basketball, tall players have an advantage.
Tom is determined and hard-working.
He opens the door.
Sami was a big partier.
You're old enough to drink, aren't you?
Bring two samosas.
I have bad news for him.
Tom has just started working here.
Tom was at Mary's house yesterday.
Take my hand. The two of us are going to construct a utopia.
Can you wait a little while?
You didn't want to answer my questions.
He felt safe.
What browser are you using?
I'm sure Tom is going to hate this.
Tom said he watched them tear down the house.
This pencil is very dark.
She's overweight, isn't she?
I was disobedient.
I think that Tom is overwhelmed.
I really want to thank you.
I need a few people to help me.
Well, such things happen.
Tom must've forgotten what he promised us he'd do.
Sami bought a gigantic fan.
They didn't mention what they'd done.
Ecuador is a country situated in the northwest part of South America.
A cacophony is a mix of loud sounds.
Tom didn't have the time to go yesterday.
If I had money, I'd buy a computer.
You drank too little.
Tom and Mary said they had nothing to hide.
She has three tickets in her hand.
After he had eaten it, he got sick.
We all know that you don't eat meat.
I didn't know you were the one who wanted to do that.
It's a thirty-metre-long boat.
She was ironing her dress.
Tom ended up committing suicide.
Tom died with a needle stuck in his arm.
He's very creative, isn't he?
Thank you for teaching me Japanese language.
Illegal logging is a transnational problem.
That was unethical.
He shouldn't go there by himself.
The sea that we see dancing there along the clear bays has silver reflections ... the sea ... reflections changing in the rain ...
I looked at my compass.
I wonder why Tom was yelling at Mary.
How much sugar do you want me to put in your coffee?
I am tied up at the office.
There was a tornado in the village.
She couldn't make herself heard.
I think you've been listening to the wrong people.
The bus is slow.
Sami played a game on his smartphone.
Tom looks flustered.
This was very interesting.
I had to do what I did.
I think Tom and Mary would be doing that, too, if they knew how.
I didn't hear anything else.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they'll do that.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be late.
She slammed the door shut.
This dictionary is not useful at all.
Tom has contributed a lot to the company.
They didn't really expect me to speak Berber.
He said he was cold.
Esperanto is a planned language.
Doing that probably won't be hard.
He's an expert at throwing knives.
I can't read Tom's mind.
The egg is hard.
Al-Qaida and ISIS are fascist Islamist groups.
It was said that that lady was an actress.
Tom hopes Mary knows she shouldn't do everything John is asking her to do.
Tom left Mary a message on the table.
What will you take for this chair?
When you decide which plan you want, please notify us in writing.
I am from Algiers, Algeria.
I'm going back home for Christmas.
Tom is afraid somebody will see him.
Tom told me he'd do that later.
Don't you want to stay?
Is your Berber improving?
You didn't happen to get her phone number, did you?
Besides making the plan, my brother carried it out.
You know the procedure, don't you?
For your information, this is the ladies' room, not the men's room.
I never expected the concert to last that long.
I never told Tom what he was supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they knew it wasn't the first time John had done that.
I realize that isn't very likely to happen.
We're going to be in Australia all month.
I want you to know you did a great job.
There's a time to speak and a time to be silent.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they shouldn't do that.
Why is this my job?
He takes it upon himself.
She wore a small bright green toque over her black bobbed hair.
It looks like the Guggenheim in New York.
The country seethed over the issue of national defense.
A person giving a speech should stand where everyone can see him.
Would you join me for a walk?
The city was empty.
I just love happy endings.
He went to the local mosque and took the shahada.
Your message cannot be delivered to the following people or distribution lists.
Tom isn't from around here, is he?
The square root of 2 is an irrational number.
Tom and Mary are going to get hitched in October.
You can eliminate a few constraints from your optimization problem if you parametrize your variables into spherical coordinates.
Cyan is a greenish blue color.
You were a teenager then.
With a little more patience, you could succeed.
The UN has made November 20 Universal Children's Day. On this date, we celebrate the adoption of the Declaration on the Rights of the Child. In Brazil, Children's Day is October 12.
There are several reasons why I have a fever.
I've talked to Tom.
Will they play together again?
Tom said he enjoyed doing that.
At present freedom of speech is taken for granted.
Why are Tom and Mary so interested in that?
You have done well in leaving off being an Advocate and sticking to grammar.
Tom was wearing scuba gear.
Tom doesn't think Mary is suspicious.
If you don't pay rent, the landlord will evict you.
You and I have the same idea.
Is there life on Mars?
What was her talk about?
He doesn't speak good Berber.
Tom would have died if Mary hadn't rescued him.
Tom had a son who was killed in the war.
The townspeople applauded.
Do you have any sandwich spread?
Tom and Mary know that you didn't cry.
Kelly cleared his throat and begin to speak.
He's still living with his family.
Tom's phone number's unlisted.
Thank you for the present you gave my son.
Does Tom ever get violent?
I suspect you won't like it.
Could I have three seats in the unreserved section?
This furniture was in my apartment when I moved in.
I've done what I needed to do.
Tom often wakes up in the middle of the night.
I'd love to get one of those.
Tom shoved Mary toward the door.
I thought you said that we were going there today.
Which is your favourite football team?
I know you trust Tom.
Tom is better at doing that than Mary.
It seems that there is something wrong with the telephone.
Tom has a strong sense of duty.
Hi, my name is Tom. What's your name?
Tom and Mary found jobs not too far from where they live.
Tom is a mean man.
I didn't want anyone else to know.
They said they're not in any hurry.
The food was terrible.
Not only does he speak English, but also German.
Tom kissed Mary on the forehead.
Sami told Layla that she would be next.
French culture continues to enjoy great prestige.
Tom and Mary don't think John is able to do that.
Tom is the one I want to go to Australia with.
There are several possible reasons for the sudden drop in crime.
He gave her a hug and kissed her.
This too sometime we shall haply remember with delight.
Did you want to go to Australia with Tom?
She's worrying for your safety.
I've had a very difficult year.
You know why I didn't do that, don't you?
Tom thinks I need to go.
It would be great fun.
You should apologise to Mary.
He was clapping like a maniac.
They rushed out of their rooms.
He pointed at her.
I'm starting to like such roles.
It's no use. Tom can't be swayed.
Seasoned timber is better for construction and joinery.
"What's an Algerian?" "It's a person from Algeria."
The pity is that he has failed.
Playing basketball doesn't make you grow taller.
Sami is vegan.
Love is over when one has forgotten what it is to miss.
This sweater is made of pure wool.
It wasn't a coincidence that Tom was in Boston.
There was nothing for us to eat.
It is important to maintain your body temperature at a suitable level.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't care.
Tom likes to wear boxers.
What if it continued forever?
This will all be over soon.
You have a lot to learn about business.
I told Tom what I knew.
I should have told Tom to keep it secret.
Tom and Mary are having a dinner party Friday evening.
It will be a surprise!
I don't know what this is.
They know that they're not going to win.
Let me in.
Tom said that he knew Mary was having a good time in Boston.
A dog runs after a cat, and the cat after a mouse.
I've always been interested in songwriting.
Tom and Mary look good together.
Tom works a lot to support his family.
What are you talking about!?
I wish I wouldn't have to meet you again.
I wonder if Tom really thinks Mary wants to do that.
Tom thinks that he's in love.
She went to the station to see him off.
We are happy to be opening this section to contribute to the free software community
This imam is from Kabylie.
I guess we could go on foot.
Tom knows very little about Boston.
Can we speak French instead?
Mary was dismissed from her job.
Tom felt terrific.
Tom and Mary were screaming.
He sat on the hood of his car.
He had the jump on me.
I was impatient for the game to start.
Cold as stone.
It's time Tom left.
Tom keeps tropical fish.
Tom isn't going to make Mary do that.
I would've done that by myself if Tom hadn't been there.
And we can communicate so many things in so many ways - with our faces, hands, bodies, and voices. We can even write our thoughts in words.
He threw the book in my face.
Two years have passed since Jim graduated from high school.
Doing that the way Tom suggested would be easier.
Sami answered the call.
Tom said that Mary was witty.
I've been preparing for this my entire life.
You aren't going to let Tom drive, are you?
Sami didn't want to give Layla his number.
You're fat, terrible, ugly,... Do you want me to go on?
She fell off her pony.
She admitted that she was desperate.
We were trying to kill them.
You don't have to eat now.
What am I going to tell Tom?
It's good to see you all again.
Tom was almost hit by a car.
C-47 has landed.
Layla put the money in the gym bag.
Tom and Mary seem to be having trouble making up their minds.
Many Turkish companies are operating in Algeria.
I'll go check on her.
Tom is trying to be cool.
Sami never learned Arabic.
He was a handsome man.
I'm not as smart as Tom is.
Tom said, "move over"; forced his way through and sat down.
What were Tom and Mary doing in here?
Tom lined up at the immigration bureau to extend his visa.
Nuja and Mira shot at Skura.
I had my heart attack three summers ago.
Mary is Tom's granddaughter.
I talked to her for an hour.
How long is it going to take before we get some answers?
We need to tell you what to do.
It's hard.
I'll tell you if I find it.
She wants a bigger kitchen.
The President says we must beef up our military forces.
Tom and Mary don't think John really knows how to do that.
She was afraid she'd be late.
He acted drunk.
Please tell us what to do next.
Some religious men regard pain as a sort of trial from God.
They love Algerian music.
We're dead if they find us.
He drove onto the mine and his jeep exploded.
Can we trust her?
Lots of people identified the U.K. with London.
Smoking is harmful for your health.
Many books are published in Welsh every year.
Tom says he doesn't want to live like this anymore.
You should ask her for advice.
They haven't named their band yet.
He wants to give dawah to Christians.
They said they felt a little dizzy.
I lived through the war.
She's supposed to be here, isn't she?
Tom took your brother to the zoo.
I've changed it.
I told Tom we could do that today.
I lost interest in collecting stamps.
When will the repair be finished?
Sami wanted to deceive Layla.
What was our deal?
I think Tom is coming over.
It makes us better.
The police eventually arrested Tom.
She didn't want to go to Boston with him.
Were you the one who helped Tom?
That's the other reason I'm here.
Tom says he's taught French.
May the queen live long!
You look lost.
Tom gave me permission to use his car.
Do you know what Tom and I are supposed to be doing?
Just ask Tom to give it back.
German men don't know how to flirt.
By this time tomorrow, Tom will be in Australia.
Was Tom in the shower?
Tom and Mary wish they could speak French as well as native speakers.
I thought that you said you were motivated to do that.
Your name is next on the list.
This department store is neat.
I knew Tom.
Sami approached Layla.
He bought a bread, a packet of butter and two canned sardines packed in oil.
Let me read you something.
Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York, but my wife comes from San Francisco."
I thought that it wasn't supposed to rain today.
Mennad started crying.
The Society for Protection of Nature is a non-profit, non-governmental organization.
Tom took an envelope out of his pocket and put it into the mail slot.
Tom is my boyfriend.
Tom couldn't decide where to go.
I vomited.
You aren't telling me the truth, are you?
He still hasn't converted to Islam.
Move over a little if you please.
I can't do that here.
I just had a look at your blog— it looks interesting.
Tom drove faster.
I can understand why you might not want to do that.
Can we talk about this after lunch?
You'll always have a home at Green Gables as long as Matthew and I are here, but nobody knows what is going to happen in this uncertain world.
I figured out a way to make more money.
Sami didn't know that there were Muslims in Mongolia.
You got here in time.
He had a full bottle of wine.
My computer crashed and I lost everything.
Mary looks like she belongs here.
Tom has just moved.
He is speaking quickly.
There are cases where the system doesn't go.
That might not be so easy.
Pierre, come here!
The factual world is often weirder than the fictional world.
Why would anyone kidnap them?
I've heard about you.
The car didn't move.
Can we have it now?
Don't wish to go outside, turn back into yourself. Inside men lives truth.
I dream of going to visit Israel.
Lucy decided to reveal her love.
Tom was the only one who wasn't sleeping.
Tom said that it was time to leave.
He read anything he could lay his hands on.
She is always forgetting my phone number.
Tom beat the dog.
Excuse me, may I say something?
What's the moral of this story?
Isn't life beautiful?
If you don't like it then you can leave.
Her hands were cold.
We were financially troubled, in short, we were bankrupt.
I wish it was Valentine's Day!
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston anymore.
Let me think this over.
Fruit juice is fattening.
I hope that Tom passes his driver's test.
I am learning for you.
Pharamp wishes everyone a Merry Christmas and a great summer with many concerts!
If you ever hurt Tom, I'm going to hurt you.
My wife's parents didn't come to our wedding.
I heard three distinct gunshots.
Tom is quite introverted.
I sold him my bike for hardly any money.
Tom lives a very lavish lifestyle.
Hard work has brought him success.
Italian fashion house Versace and handbag and accessories maker Furla said they would stop using real fur in their creations, joining a growing list of luxury labels turning their backs on the fur industry.
He said he would do that for us.
I really think it would be better to let Mary do that by herself.
Can you do that alone?
Tom was exactly twelve minutes late.
The question is who's going to go first.
They kept their word.
I'm still not used to living in the city.
I think that Tom still needs to do that.
Why did you cut down the tree? Did it bother you in some way?
I did that almost the same way Tom did.
Tom knew that I was terrified.
I don't eat dessert.
He looks asleep.
He kissed her passionately.
Mary spent all afternoon daydreaming about anti-fashion.
I'll just say it right now.
Tom said that he won't be permitted to do that anymore.
I want to hear it from Tom.
I know that I shouldn't have done it.
Tom had a heat stroke.
It's the oldest trick in the book.
Tom isn't sure Mary knew she needed to do that.
I could never imagine attaining such a position.
Tom took care of them.
Tom and Mary admitted they don't do that.
This town has strange traditions.
The bike leans on the right before turning right.
The log floated down the river.
We talk on the phone on a regular basis.
Is it dangerous if I do that?
I'm not truly in love with Layla.
Tom swerved off the road to avoid hitting a dog.
Clouds on Saturn can reach speeds of 1,100 miles an hour.
He took his new Muslim name legally in the United States.
I don't know how I should do that.
Show me today's papers.
Tom said that it's important that we do what we can to help John.
It's part of the fun.
Tom opened the door for us.
When do you think you're going to finish doing that?
A pillow at six o'clock in the morning has got the biggest gravity in the world.
He cleaned his belly button with a wet Q-tip.
Tom knew he had no choice.
Where's the museum?
I don't like to sit outside.
Sami considered himself an atheist.
Let's see what it does.
I don't like hurricanes.
Tom is a very noisy kid.
We have deadlines.
After all that, the pain went away.
It's all in a day's work.
How long did the miners' strike last?
Doesn't everybody have one?
Tom said Mary thought that John might not need to do that.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be hard.
Mary said she didn't need any more time.
Later, the nurse told me she had done her best to make me well.
I'm too tired to go any further.
I won't argue with Tom.
Tennis is very popular amongst students.
A sculpture was discovered.
Known to sailors around the world as the doldrums, the Inter-Tropical Convergence Zone (ITCZ) is a belt around the Earth extending approximately five degrees north and south of the equator. Here, the prevailing trade winds of the northern hemisphere blow to the southwest and collide with the southern hemisphere’s driving northeast trade winds.
"Panthus", I cry, "how fares the fight? what tower / still hold we?"
Tom told me to wash my face.
It's easy for them.
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary was the one who did that.
Do you share common interests?
You'd best follow the doctor's advice.
He did not listen.
Since then, diplomatic relations between Canada and Iran have been suspended.
Hurry up, and you'll be in time for school.
No one knew Tom had killed the dog.
She informed me of her decision.
Tom stopped by a while ago.
They said they're unhurt.
Tom hasn't eaten any food for the past three days.
This textbook is designed for beginners.
I'd like to room with Tom.
I wasn't surprised Tom wanted to do that.
The waiter put a new tablecloth on the table.
When Tom came back from this long trip he seemed not to enjoy his home country anymore.
Both of the windows were broken.
It's not as simple as all that.
Sami is just following blindly.
Tom should have been exhausted after chopping that much firewood.
Sami stayed in my car.
Sami can't get inside.
I must have dozed off.
Tom is doing the laundry, isn't he?
I think you're going to do great.
I've lost my umbrella. I must buy a new one.
The deep red of the setting sun portended fine weather.
Tom is sitting at his computer.
Do you think I need to pay this bill?
Tell her I'll call back.
Sami's note was addressed to Mom.
Sami needs a gun.
Tom said that he was going to talk to Mary.
I didn't think Tom knew how to drive.
That was kind of you.
I don't have any friends to help me.
I didn't expect Tom to ask me that kind of question.
I'm glad to be back home.
I want to enroll at graduate school.
Tom is usually a lot buiser than I am.
Tom and Mary aren't going out tonight.
Tom would be punished if he did that.
You thought it was Tom who did that, didn't you?
Another problem concerns the gym equipment.
If I had a dog, I'd call it Tom.
I should be at your house by 2:30.
She's going to be furious, isn't she?
I can't stay here long.
I don't have enough money to buy food for everyone.
Do those people have enough to eat?
The tragedy of machismo is that a man is never quite man enough.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that sometime today.
He told me he was incredibly rich and owned a Ferrari, but I saw through him at once.
Don't try to find out how fast you can go.
Who told you that I was sick?
He stood under the door frame.
You seem to be lost.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be discouraged.
Sami wanted to avoid punishment.
I am from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Tom seemed surprised when Mary told him he didn't have to do that.
They can do that if they try.
Desktop publishing lets you produce books quickly and cheaply. It's like killing two birds with one stone.
Is Algeria moving towards democracy?
What you said is correct.
The teacher told Tom that he couldn't give him anything higher than a C.
Is that a mushroom?
I don't think Tom told the truth.
You should protect Mary.
Tom isn't going to camp this summer.
Mary told me she walked home.
He told me that he was mistaken.
She isn't naked.
He thought you wouldn't do it.
Youth will always rebel against the mindless machinations of social institutions.
A budget is a plan or schedule adjusting expenses during a certain period to the estimated or fixed income for that period.
This girl is well educated.
You can find out more about Tatoeba at Tatoeba.org.
Tom is reasonable, down to earth and practical.
You can't believe a word of it.
Tom said that Mary probably wouldn't eat lunch with us.
Having considered everything, he decided to travel abroad.
When I passed by it in a car, I caught a glimpse of the house of a famous actress.
Organized crime groups have been taking advantage of fresh opportunities presented by the pandemic, from acting surreptitiously as suppliers to governments, to serving as "partners of the state in maintaining order,” warns a recent report by the Global Initiative Against Transnational Organized Crime.
Tom said that he didn't remember where he'd put his keys.
From now on, I'll try to help you with the work.
I told Mary that I thought she could win.
Tom and Mary repainted their houses.
Tom has always wanted to be a fire fighter.
This is good for you.
You'll ruin my hair.
The opposite of uncomfortable is comfortable.
Can you wind the video back, please?
Tom tipped the cab driver.
The Senate made a decision.
He must love her.
Tom said I had no sense of humor.
Trust me only this once. You will never have cause to regret it.
I'm looking for a job in Australia.
She hid herself for fear of meeting the man.
I'm glad you like Tom.
Tom has a beloved wife. Her name is Mary.
Tom didn't appear to be injured.
I'm not offended.
Is there enough room in the car for everybody?
Tom isn't a very good farmer.
She said I am the one, but the kid is not my son.
I couldn't let Tom go.
Tom wrestled in high school.
I think we should try it.
Tom and Mary don't have a lot in common.
I am your daughter.
Tom needs a ride home.
I don't understand. Could you please repeat that?
He is a harsh critic.
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to be there?
Many people have asked me if I think Boston is a safe city.
The Bakers have a farm up the river.
How do you know her name?
What's Mary's maiden name?
It was a holiday?
Sami was driving a white Mitsubishi.
Tom has other things to worry about.
Tom is at a restaurant having lunch.
How many nephews do you have, if I may ask?
Who have you got so far?
I thought that you'd like to know what happened.
The teacher said: "Of course."
Tom said Mary isn't scared.
Mary said she heard Tom crying.
Tom said Mary told him that she was ready to do that.
Sami has never been in Layla's car.
Mary is a guitar teacher, isn't she?
Have you ever gone camping with Tom?
Here, classes at university start in September.
Robots will become more common in the future.
A reporter asked Tom some questions as he left the courthouse.
It's a story that's not going to go away.
Sami took Layla to her hair salon.
I can't forget it.
The soldier aimed his gun at the man.
Tom doesn't want any coffee.
Mary parked in her usual spot.
I told him we would help him.
Tom and Mary couldn't do what they wanted to do.
I think Tom had a good time.
Would you like a glass of juice?
Tom will probably be awake by the time I get there.
He turned the dial on the bicycle lock.
Can I park my car here?
Fame does not bear joking, nor does the eye bear keeping faith.
You can't blame yourselves for that.
Mary said that she thought Tom was still living with his parents.
I told Tom I didn't know what I was supposed to do.
Tom was the first to enter the room.
He said he was retired.
He added a little sugar to the coffee.
Oh no! I wasn't paying attention and left my cell phone in the restaurant!
Mennad can do this in six days.
Who's more likely to remember the circumstances of when this photo was taken?
While Tom isn’t the sharpest knife in the drawer, Mary is the most intelligent girl you’ve ever seen; you wouldn’t think they’re brother and sister!
German has a gender system. Every noun has a gender: masculine, feminine, or neuter.
Mennad makes me sick.
I won't be needed.
What do you look like?
I have a lot of things I have to do before tomorrow.
Tom was deeply offended by your remarks.
The cows escaped from the paddock.
Tom got hit by a truck and died instantly.
I tried to remain calm.
Sami lives in the Bible Belt.
I take sides with you.
I figured you might know who Tom went with.
Do you like fish curry?
Tom swims just about as fast as Mary.
There was a hiss of steam.
Tom and Mary always seem to have a wonderful time together.
Vodka is really strong.
You promised you'd do that for Tom.
Tom will do that this afternoon.
That is no business of yours.
My parents died when I was thirteen years old.
Fadil was a committed Christian.
How many days will it take Tom to do that?
Tom said he knew where Mary lived.
Do it as you are told.
I'm not making this up!
You did well not to follow his advice.
He's loud.
Let me cook!
Tom is the principal investigator.
Tom knows not to do that again.
He likes collecting old coins.
His book is red.
Tom always wants to try something new.
The damage may reach HUF 300,000.
I'm never going to be given the chance to do that.
Tokyo, as you know, is one of the financial centers of the world.
Tom isn't anything like I'd expected.
I don't appreciate being set up.
Tom said he was hoping we could eat together.
Tom said you're a better singer than Mary.
I am getting married to the most beautiful girl in town.
I am studying the Korean language.
He gained nothing by telling me that.
Sami's killer was inside his own home. It's his wife.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to hurt me.
Tom has always been one of the best players on our team.
There was no hope for Tom.
Most people in North America can't see the Milky Way.
Tom said he couldn't remember how to do that.
Sami and Layla went to get lunch.
These aren't very important.
Lions are the most dangerous animals to a mother giraffe and her calf.
Are you listening closely?
Maybe Tom doesn't know Mary did that.
Tom is aware of the risks.
Where do we come from? Where are we going?
The mother of that child is an announcer.
I think that's the reason Tom doesn't have any friends.
He studied day and night in order to possibly become a lawyer.
They fell in love, got married, and started a family.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that.
I translated the letter into French for Tom.
It's not all that uncommon for people to live past the age of ninety.
I didn't think Tom would actually do that.
It isn't a good idea to do that.
I intend to eat the apple.
Tom should ask Mary how to do it.
Tom may do that for us, but then again, he may not.
Tom really hurt himself.
I promise I'll call.
I came here as fast as I could.
We've lived in Boston for a long time.
Believe me. I'll be a new man.
I want you to come back to Australia.
It takes about twelve minutes for the Space Shuttle to pass over the continental United States from California to New York. A Shuttle trip around the world takes only ninety minutes.
I thought the highest mountain in Tsuyama was Takiyama.
He told me that he's ticklish.
Tom doesn't have the courage to ask Mary to lend him her video camera.
Tom described the scenes.
She was very pleased.
I'd rather not spend so much time doing that.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom held out his hand and I shook it.
Tom opened a restaurant.
They taught us this at school.
We need a little rest.
We'll start when Tom tells us to start.
Tom's dog is barking.
Why is Esperanto the ideal language for communication?
Tom sprained his wrist on October 20th.
Tom walked outside.
She can't fix everything by herself.
I don't think you've understood what I said.
We ate together at the table in the small kitchen.
He skipped school.
Put on slippers while waiting for shoes.
We’re here looking at the New York soundscape.
The record was sent to the ministry.
Sami decided to continue stabbing Layla.
All the house was asleep, and the fire burning low, when, from far up the chimney, came down a "Ho! ho!".
I don't care who Tom goes to Boston with.
Tom's credit's good.
Mary expected Tom to wink at her, but he didn't.
What are you doing with the water over there?
She chose a hat.
Their culture is inherently violent.
We could've left earlier if we'd wanted to.
Tom is going to come after us, isn't he?
We are asking the Algerian government to act now.
I think that Tom is having a hard time doing that.
We've changed so many things.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to go swimming tomorrow.
I must find out who broke this.
Tom's father was a drinker.
You didn't hang your coat behind the door.
A car is outside.
There were a lot of people on the bus.
Ekkehard wants a model train for Christmas.
I know that Tom won't allow us to do that.
Mary doesn't seem too happy, does she?
Tom had a really bad day at work.
You really must stop smoking.
"Just close your eyes," whispered Tom, and when Mary closed her eyes, he kissed her softly on the lips.
Mary wanted to kiss Tom, but didn't think she should.
I know that I'm supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Just keep alert.
Would you just get on with it?
I am aware that my hip aches when it rains.
I want Tom to do it.
You do know you don't have to do that, don't you?
She has a sore back.
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them.
I should've tried harder to stop Tom.
She makes a point of remembering each one of our birthdays.
Could I get you to help me for a second?
Leave some for the rest of us.
You and I are about the same height.
Sami was in there, smoking weed, and he tried to cover it up by smoking a cigarette.
That won't happen this time.
I have no reason not to do what Tom asked me to do.
Maybe Tom decided to give up.
Apparently, he hasn't stopped by here since yesterday.
He wouldn't let me in his room.
Summer's beginning soon in Antarctica, isn't it?
During the dry season, the giraffe cow needs to conserve its milk and energy.
Tom didn't see who shot him.
Tom and Mary denied that they were the ones who told John to do that.
I'm from a different planet.
He said that he was done, too.
I need to escape from this decree.
He looks blue as he is schooled by his mother.
Where does his grandfather live?
I remember seeing him once.
I know that Tom is crazy.
When an actor plays a scene exactly the way a director orders, it isn't acting. It's following instructions. Anyone with the physical qualifications can do that.
Tom was persuasive.
They won't do the dishes.
What makes you think that Tom will want to do that?
My sixth grade teacher sexually assaulted me.
I'm sorry, but I am opposed to this project.
She gave me an incongruent answer.
I was wrong again! And I thought I had understood!
When we arrive in Frankfort, we must call our friends.
Just because one killed a cow doesn't mean another should kill a calf.
Tom likes tomatoes?
The cherry trees are in bloom.
She got first prize, didn't she?
Tom has a three handsome teenage sons.
Single ensuite, please.
The nurse grabbed Mennad's hand.
We're going to have to change.
Tom and Mary tried to restrain John.
In case you come to Rio, I will be your guide.
What are they doing now?
I didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom is an albino.
I didn't see her again.
Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know where John lived.
I never plan to go back to Australia.
Tom is going to meet with all of you at 2:30.
You'll never get bored here.
She doesn't know either.
I was carried away by the music.
They say that money can't buy happiness.
We don't have time to go chasing after Tom.
Tom was confined to a bed for three months.
He crowded the books into the shelves.
A little snow was falling.
It seemed Tom and Mary were sick.
The neighbours have been turning their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
Mary had no idea why Tom wanted her to stop doing that.
Tom probably doesn't know whether Mary will do that or not.
I live in Yerevan.
Does Mary love me?
I don't think that she is working.
I need to start the car.
I don't want to leave today.
I sometimes do things like that.
I thought Tom might not like Thai food.
Tom has a small dog.
Things will get better in Algeria.
Did you expect Tom to do that?
You're a self-inflated arrogant prick.
I know that Tom isn't a very likable guy.
As soon as Tom turned up, I left.
I'm waiting for him to leave.
Sami took money out of Layla's pocket.
The plane is just about to start.
I'm sick of always hearing the same thing.
A new oil tanker was launched.
The folks who lived before me have done so much for me that I want to show my gratitude by doing something for the folks who will live after me.
Please forgive my terrible German.
It'll be done by the time you get here.
The massacre in Norway and the recent rebellion and the booty in England, are dreadful in consideration of the circumstances that the world drifted into.
I don't have to go through the same shitty experience as her.
You can help others learn English by translating this video lesson into their native language.
Do you want my help?
Let's get this over with as fast as we can.
Tom and Mary have the right to defend themselves.
I hope that this doesn't hurt you.
Tom told me that was his dog.
They do what's right for them.
You know that I won't say anything.
It was you who shattered my dreams.
Sami was annoyed with a customer.
They spent part of the afternoon strolling through the city.
The dress fits her form.
Tom will be visiting Mary in Boston next week.
The talk between labor and management yielded no definite results.
This garden is at its best in summer.
She's about the same age as my sister.
Layla has big boobs, too.
Aren't you here to help me?
Sami walked up to me and started yelling in my ear.
I'm sure Tom will appreciate the gift.
Tom has already explained this to us.
That looked bad.
I'll just do that myself.
Skura and Nuja studied abroad.
Did you lose your backpack?
What was done to you doesn't excuse what you did.
Is this the right way to the museum?
It was a warm, friendly meeting.
The flowers are yellow.
She's the official spokesperson for Tatoeba.
Just fell short.
Sami went to the shopping mall.
I managed to get over the habit of finding fault with others.
The office is flooded with fan letters for him.
I'm not very optimistic.
I'm a bit of a coward.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping they could help John do that.
Layla got pregnant by Sami.
Tom and Mary said they thought that I was dead.
I don't go skin diving with Tom anymore.
Judge not, that ye may not be judged, for in what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged, and in what measure ye measure, it shall be measured to you.
I'll be back this afternoon.
I just don't think I'm successful enough.
Tom drowned his neighbor's cat.
I'm a cartoonist.
Don't go off willy-nilly. Let's make a plan.
I'm very well.
Mary regularly attends church.
I'm sure Tom doesn't need to do that.
It's important to keep training.
Why didn’t they want to go to Morocco?
Could you tell me how old are you?
Sami wanted to make Layla Muslim.
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
You cannot reason with a potato chip.
This is really funny.
Tom's feelings were hurt.
You don't suppose he was anxious about death, do you?
I figure it'll take one or two days.
Many lost their homes during the earthquake.
I think Tom died on October 20th.
They both got sent to the principal's office for misbehaving in class.
How much does a kilogram of apples cost?
Tom doesn't think that we can do that.
Tom and I couldn't see each other.
He is an army officer.
Are you all out of your minds?
As far as I know, Tom and Mary have never done that.
Boy am I glad to see you.
Tom said that he was doing that now.
Tom is a singing teacher.
It's a complicated world.
Almonds are four thousand dinars a kilo and it's not negotiable.
That would be disastrous.
I can't put up with the way he spits.
Tom suffers from agoraphobia.
He's your wife's friend, isn't he?
He's really old, isn't he?
Sami wanted to act out his fantasies.
My father gardens on Sundays.
This I have done.
We should meet and catch up on what you've been doing.
It was only a few days until Christmas.
They couldn't buy what they needed.
Anybody can solve that problem.
It is difficult to write a simple or short sentence that is not boring.
I don't want to be here when Tom and Mary get here.
I want to be alone!
It's not at all uncommon.
October 20th was a rainy day.
Drown out the voice of uncertainty with the sound of your own heartbeat.
The gown is made of silk.
What happened to Tom's passport?
It was clear that Tom wouldn't be able do that without some help.
Tom has my support.
I went to Kabylie by train.
Which train is bound for Odawara?
The clothes you washed this morning aren't dry yet.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was dishonest.
Bouteflika had absolute power and absolute power corrupts.
I burned the roof of my mouth.
Sparta isn’t an island, is it?
The cleaning man came yesterday.
Mennad and Baya finished having sex.
Be moderate in moderation.
I suspect that Tom and Mary have lived in Australia.
I gloated.
Layla was doing drugs.
Tom went home sick.
They both grew up as Muslims.
She said that she really liked him.
I thought Tom was shy.
I thought maybe that would be enough.
Sami could hear each footstep that anybody would make throughout the house.
I know that Tom didn't really want to do that yesterday.
My favorite flavor of ice cream is chocolate.
The government was overthrown in a revolutionary coup.
Tom crossed to the window.
I believe in the power of positive thinking.
Sami said he was going to marry Layla.
Tom will be punished if he does that again.
Tom pinched Mary.
Give me your belt.
Are these all yours?
How do you like Moscow?
I told you Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
Sami really wanted to dance with that girl.
Both of my brothers are older than me.
That's a lesson I learned.
She told me she knew the rules.
It's not a coincidence.
Tom has always been stubborn.
He wore red pants.
Eating konjac, you will never gain weight.
Tom and Mary are quite competitive.
Where can we find the truth?
Let's walk a few blocks in the snow and get Chinese food.
Real estate prices have skyrocketted in Algeria.
All Jews were expelled from Buda after its recapture by Hungary.
I am a hero.
I was shunned by society.
After he converted to Islam, he felt welcome in that community.
Tom told Mary he was planning on helping.
Tom is your boss, isn't he?
Have you ever owned a car?
Maybe someone made them do it.
Tom is swimming in the pond behind his house.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was nice.
Try to open the door.
You make me happy.
I don't know where that street leads.
Tom's house burned down last night.
Sami's story was really scary.
Tom is going through a midlife crisis.
I would appreciate hearing from you soon.
She didn't say where she went.
That is really interesting.
I have lot of work to do before then.
I went to talk to them.
My girlfriend is tall and beautiful.
Tom is difficult to reach, isn't he?
I want to make sure that doesn't happen again.
A quiet place to sit and rest would be nice.
The best way to learn is to make mistakes.
It conflicts with my principles.
"Where Reindeer Roam" is an original Esperanto collection of short stories about life in Lapland.
I shouldn't have insisted on doing that.
Tom said that he's looking forward to his retirement.
I'm going to drink some juice.
You're too cynical.
I know I can trust Tom.
Tom doesn't curse.
"Would you like to go to a movie this weekend?" "I'm sorry I can't, but thanks for asking."
Tom and I don't fight that much.
I will clean up yesterday's work.
Today the students study at home.
God helps those who help themselves.
Kabylie is amazing.
Both Tom and Mary know it was John who did that.
What's your pretax income?
Tom waited more than an hour.
I've been away far too long.
The propagandistic radio station disseminated lies and half-truths about how great America was.
I think what you're doing is wrong.
Upon my word I will do it.
Tom is relentless.
I truly don't understand.
Death is the fate of all people.
Who's going to believe you?
Tom will be here in five minutes.
Tom's parents were asleep when he got home.
I never graduated from high school.
I want to sleep! Sleep rather than live!
They heard their phones ringing.
Everyone knows that you're a bunch of rude racists.
Languages are in a constant process of change.
Don't let Tom get away.
It's more than we could have hoped for.
Mennad fought the taxi driver.
Mary said that she wanted to talk.
I usually go to school by bus.
You didn't tell anybody about Tom, did you?
Sami smelt like sweat.
What do you like best about your significant other?
I hope Tom waited until you got there.
Tom says I'm selfish.
Fadil bought a house in Cairo.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom almost never does what Mary does.
Strange events occurred that night.
Tom said he wanted to learn how to windsurf.
Narcissus fell in love with his own reflection in a pool.
At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people.
We'll never forget what we saw.
I have no intention of staying.
Giraffes are herbivores and they eat plants.
He can't cope with his parent's death.
Tom and I both should've known better.
Rāma slew Rāvaṇa.
Please wake up. Sleeping here is prohibited.
Mary can't find her watch.
Sami really doesn't care about anything else.
I don't know what Tom wants to eat for lunch.
He has the eyes of a leopard.
Tom said that he found something strange.
Mary said that she wasn't tired.
Does Tom really hate doing that?
Tom is planning to kill somebody, I think.
Tom will be here before long.
Werner Herzog makes outstanding documentaries and feature films.
I must have lost a piece.
Show us your Kabyle dress.
Tom has been visiting Mary every day.
As rust eats iron, so care eats the heart.
Sami was given a polygraph exam.
Why did Tom and Mary stop doing what they were doing?
Tom leaned back.
Tom wouldn't be doing that now, would he?
They're not all asleep.
I'm watering the garden.
I know how to fly a helicopter.
I'm sick of your crossword puzzles.
I don't think that Tom is broke.
Mary said she thought she could lend Tom some money.
How much were you paid to do that?
I knew that Tom didn't know that he didn't really need to do that.
Tom sat on the steps talking to a girl named Mary.
Tom died in the emergency room.
You know Tom used to live in Boston, don't you?
Come back to your workplace now!
How many hours do you estimate it'll take to do that?
Sami uses that term very loosely.
Tom was the only one not eating.
Why are you going to take a bus? I'll give you a lift.
The pallbearers at her funeral were all women. I had never seen that before.
I had assumed Tom would be here today.
Tom made Jill his secretary.
I've heard it said that you can judge people by the company they keep.
I know that you aren't planning on staying in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was correct.
I don't think that I need to tell Tom that he needs to study harder.
There was nobody on the beach.
I just do what I want do.
In 1958, Brazil won its first World Cup victory.
Everybody wins!
I never fail to write to my parents every month.
He admitted he'd made a mistake.
Tom knew Mary was mad at him.
Tom sent his children to Australia to live with their grandparents.
Tom worked for three hours straight.
Tom rolled down the car window.
I was awake most of last night.
Do you really know what's happening?
Brazil lost 1.4 million hectares of mature forest in 2019, more than one-third of the world total and nearly three times more than the country with the next-largest loss, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Tom thought that it wasn't a good idea to leave Mary at home without a babysitter.
Who would've thought?
You know Tom needs to do that, don't you?
I know I'm wrong.
A warrior defends his house at all cost!
I want to go play with my friends.
I already called him.
Tom got a phone call from the police with devastating news.
Tom knew that what he was doing annoyed Mary.
He's going to Kabylie on Thursday.
Tom spends most of his time on the porch.
Tom had to hurry.
Tom clicked the remote to stop the video.
I should be there by 2:30.
He longed for his mother.
She said she was healthy.
Tom didn't have his phone on him.
She stayed in that area for a short while.
He pretended not to know her.
Tom doesn't feel enough is being done.
On ascending the knoll near the house, from which all the neighbouring moors were visible, they not only could see no signs of the missing favourite, but they perceived something which warned them that they were in the presence of a tragedy.
We'll be at the hospital, visiting Tom.
I was forced to take medicine.
I'd like to give it to Tom.
I plan to live in Australia for at least three years.
I expected you to betray me.
I didn't think you'd enjoy Tom's concert.
Mennad couldn't stop.
Tom will find out the truth.
This could mean war.
Stop spying on us.
Do you like the city?
Your composition is not altogether bad.
The king gave his fiancée a chateau as a statement of his love.
I don't know exactly what Tom wants.
What did Tom think?
I'm sorry we're so late.
Tom won't read those books.
Tom will probably be the first one to be fired.
Make sure you get enough sleep.
She told everyone that she was tired.
Japanese students seem not merely to be extremely reserved, but to have at times almost a complete reluctance to speak.
When Tom didn't come to work on Monday, we all started to get worried.
Tom thought that he'd never see his son again.
The fact that Britain had no national anthem before 1745 is in itself of little consequence.
Your train is on track number three.
Don't make it easy for her.
That's never happened before.
A mudslide swept the truck into a ravine.
Tom doesn't have a full-time job.
That guy is totally nuts!
We don't like this house.
I thought that you knew I couldn't speak French.
It's a very large country.
Tom is doing all he can do.
The river bends slightly to the right here.
I think that you're going to enjoy yourselves tonight.
He hurried back from England.
Sami thought that would be a great idea.
Tom's face was swollen and bruised.
He has no reason to be angry.
We'll start with the basics and work up to the hard bits.
Sleep is necessary.
Are you ready to help us?
He tapped his fingers impatiently.
I've heard about it. Your parents disappeared, running out on their debt didn't they?
Tom is showing Mary the new saxophone he just bought.
It isn't really my cup of tea.
I'm a monk.
I see it.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
I believe that it's all a hoax.
I'm a lot better.
You speak French a lot better than I do.
Beethoven was deaf in his late years.
She announced her decision Monday.
Does he have a job?
We know Tom won't do that.
They want pepperoni on their pizza.
I don't think we have to worry about anyone showing up tonight.
I won't let her die.
The FBI is looking for him.
I'm much better at French than you.
Mary told me that she wanted to study French.
Tom splashed Mary, and then Mary splashed him back.
You ought to get some sleep.
The family brought their children to have fun in the waterpark.
I'd prefer to remain anonymous.
I want you to go to Boston with me.
Tax wise, it is an attractive arrangement.
Tom and Mary sprained their ankles.
I suggest you don't do what Tom and Mary are doing.
I'm your husband and you belong to me.
What've you been up to?
Do Tom and I have to be here?
Tom will come back at 2:30.
What you're doing is unforgivable.
Tom accidentally ran over his dog as he backed his car out of the garage.
I would have never done that if Tom hadn't been there.
Sami can still make it.
I miss Benny Hill.
Can you recommend anything?
I didn't have a chance to speak to Tom.
One year is not enough to visit all the places in Kyoto.
We were outnumbered.
Tom seems disappointed.
Have you ever ridden a motorcycle?
I tried to be more aggressive.
Tom doesn't take rejection very well.
I can't answer your questions.
I wanted to keep my distance.
I know the exact date.
Sami checked his bag.
Tom tried on the coat, but it didn't fit.
I don't think that there was anyone who wasn't frustrated.
Tom and Mary say they have plan to do that.
I didn't expect sailing to be this much fun.
Tom's cellphone rang and he answered it.
How many countries have you visited?
Tom said that Mary was the only one who did that.
Mennad believes in God.
She's very artistic, isn't she?
All apples are red.
It took some 150 years of struggling for women to gain the freedom they have today.
Do you think Obama can speak Spanish?
When they go low, we go high.
I think that you've helped enough.
Tom and Mary are gaining ground.
I baked Tom some brownies.
Tom still needs work.
They put their keys in their pockets.
Tom said he hopes that Mary will help him do that.
My name is Alfred. How are you doing?
Tom was killed by a bear.
I don't think Tom will be going to Boston with Mary.
I repair computers almost every day.
All things considered, he is a good teacher.
When the pressure increases, so does the temperature.
Gallium is a chemical element with the symbol Ga and atomic number 31.
She can't speak French, can she?
My sister has a good command of both English and French.
Tom was wounded in a street fight.
Tom dropped Mary off at the station.
I go to Tokyo every day.
I'd be delighted.
Sami was having a conversation with Layla.
You should have apologized to Tom.
Both Tom and Mary are blind.
I don't play guitar anymore.
I sometimes think that.
We will not tolerate such actions.
If you're watching this video, you are the heir to my estate.
Tom and I left early.
Tom can play the guitar and is also good at singing.
Sami and Farid fought in the aisle of the bus.
I'd feel better if you'd wait for me.
Mary said that she wants me to help her tomorrow afternoon.
I wish I could do that as well as you do.
Don't be upset by sudden change of the weather.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was OK.
They walk on the street.
You never told me that you didn't like Tom.
I thought we weren't talking about Tom.
I never made a mistake.
There's nothing that Tom can do for you.
All three of these are mine.
Mary knows what she's doing.
Treatment options are limited.
She has walked to the store.
Maybe Mary would like you to do that for her.
A gentle breeze blew through the field.
It was a dilemma for me.
Tom was lonely without Mary.
The policeman thrust me aside.
Tom said that he was glad that Mary didn't do that.
He doesn't look sympathetic enough to me.
It sounds like Tom is planning to stay in Boston for another three weeks.
Tom says he doesn't need to do that.
Tom has really good ideas.
They quarreled among themselves.
Do you still think Tom and Mary are guilty?
It wasn't that.
They'll make a new mistake.
We welcomed their decision.
Tom is very inconsiderate.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I thought Tom would ask Mary to go with him to Boston.
"As soon as I introduced it to a new companion, my goldfish started to kiss it all over" - "Is it a he or a she ?" - "Dunno" - "It kinda came out, then..."
The lemon is yellow.
You smell amazing.
Tom may not be able to do that yet.
Tom hopped into the car and put it in gear.
I don't think that Tom should do that anymore.
When can I visit you?
Layla is Sami's little stepsister.
She did what she promised to do for us.
I don't have many pictures of Tom.
That reply isn't correct, but it sounds interesting to me.
I had no idea there was a bank so near your house.
Mary is wearing a lot of makeup.
Can you show me another magic trick?
You stink of cigarettes.
Sami loved Layla's voice.
Sami didn't have any enemies.
"If I kissed you, would you kiss me back?" "What?"
This tastes bad.
This photo is my favourite!
Tom and Mary are moving.
This is one of the greatest charms of Algiers.
Tom seems to be in more pain than anyone else.
Sami had a very important position.
I've got to meet Tom.
Tom isn't the only man at the company that Mary respects.
On arriving home, I fell from fatigue.
Tom said that Mary has been trying to be cooperative.
Tom doesn't want to get into the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.
I made my way through the crowds of people.
Tom felt amazing.
Are they going to kill you?
Sami loved young girls.
They took their shoes off at the door.
I think it would be a bad idea to do that.
Tom often lets me use his car.
It's not just Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
I'm not asking you. I'm begging you.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't need to stay in Boston.
Somebody stole my Berber dictionary.
I'd say you did just fine.
After three weeks of searching, he found well-paid work.
Tom isn't finished, but Mary is.
Sami showed Layla his stamp collection.
Let me talk to her first.
Tom found out what Mary did.
I know that Tom still needs to do that.
Tom made me feel special.
Algeria needs to reform its industry sector.
Tom and Mary are both busy, aren't they?
She had a huge smile on her face.
Have you understood everything?
There were lots of happy kids in the swimming pool.
Don't be too hard on me, please.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom why she had to do that.
I taught Tom's kids French.
Tom was kind of surprised when Mary said she didn't know John.
Tom said that Mary was likely to still be in Australia.
I haven't spoken French in three years.
I know Tom expects me to help Mary do that.
It's not looking good.
Tom apologized for stepping on my foot.
I couldn't believe my ears.
You don't need to do that now.
What do you want to do while you're here?
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between NASA and ESA.
He hit me, not her.
I want to watch you dance.
Sami wasn't teaching anymore.
Tom almost always goes to bed before midnight.
Please come downstairs.
I assume that Tom and I are free to go.
I wonder what Tom is up to now.
Tom is one of my clients.
Another win.
Slowly, he was falling in love with Islam.
I know that Tom isn't much taller than Mary is.
It's trivia night.
Here he is!
Reality is the funniest thing in the world.
This is a catastrophe.
Computers are amazing devices.
I feel so lonely sometimes.
Tom bowed politely.
She's dating someone from Kabylie.
I've got something else on my mind.
Red Mulligan has announced that he'll fight Rocky Luciano next month.
Many Berbers have been heavily Arabized.
Tom probably shouldn't tell Mary why he did that.
Tom always sings in the shower.
I'll be gone before the rooster crows.
You pull up the blanket.
Tom is honking his horn.
Tom has decided he isn't going to walk home.
Tom and Mary invite me to all their parties.
Sami never existed.
When was the last time you contributed to this project?
It's getting dark little by little outside.
Who threw the bottle?
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be punished.
The Turks captured Buda by deception.
Life is really short.
This suit seems really expensive.
How easy it seems.
It's going to have to wait.
Mary admitted that she couldn't really understand French.
Tom was one of those who were laid off.
I didn't even get a chance to eat anything.
How did you come by that much money?
Tom said that Mary was dishonest.
Tom was stunned.
A green tea, please.
Sami was starting to doubt himself.
Tom thinks I told Mary about it.
You had your sister really worried.
Show your cards.
Tom thought Mary would be impressed.
Tom should write a song.
Good food, better thinking.
I don't have that information.
Mary had never really paid attention to Tom.
Oh, yes. I sometimes see him on TV.
Tom told me that he used to play the clarinet when he was in high school.
Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!
I hope Tom will like Australia.
Don't reach out your hand to a lion.
I'm going to see her today.
Now every one of them gathered in the morning, as much as might suffice to eat: and after the sun grew hot, it melted.
I really would like to be with you right now.
Tom and Mary certainly enjoy their wine.
I use this desk.
If you find yourself in near my house, drop by for a visit.
Tom is always helping me out.
Now, in the neighbourhood, there lived an old man named Chromis who farmed some land of his own.
Don't get yourself involved in that.
He couldn't sleep because of the noise outside his window.
Some roof tiles have fallen off.
Tom actually seemed to be having fun.
Tom couldn't get hold of Mary.
We have to make sure people get back to work.
Tom is observing.
The patterns of the verb have to be learned.
Tom found a nice flat for Mary.
I'm surprised they didn't have anything to do.
Today, stress is the number one risk for the health of workers in the world.
Tom stayed up late studying for the exam.
The secret of Hegel's dialectic lies ultimately in this alone, that it negates theology through philosophy in order then to negate philosophy through theology.
We all want to succeed.
She didn't want to go shopping with him.
Tom is a poacher.
I have not finished lunch.
Tom knew that something bad had happened.
Don't blow your cool.
Only immediate family members attended Tom and Mary's wedding.
I slept for a couple of hours on the airplane.
Tom and I don't do that very often.
Tom is a difficult person to be around.
"I am pregnant." "Congratulations to you."
Mary hated herself.
Tom said that Mary was likely to still be unemployed.
In the United States, it requires more training to become a barber than it does to become a police officer.
He has always understood our problems right away.
I really appreciate all your help.
He is liked by his friends.
Tom was surprised by how well Mary could do that.
Why did Tom change his mind?
Tom certainly isn't the worst player on our team.
I'd like you to make me some tea.
Why would Tom come over here and help us?
Where are Tom and Mary moving to?
Mali and Niger are Algeria's neighbors to the south.
Tom told me that he was planning to move to Australia.
I thought it was funny.
Guess what card this is.
I wish I could die.
They take good care of their horses.
Tom and Mary will be fired if they do that again.
Tom will chall
Tom said we could do it.
A woman's heart sees more than the eyes of ten men.
Tom is extraordinarily handsome.
Sami was talking about some sort of a healing crystal.
You always deserved to get good grades.
I assume that you have a college degree.
Do you plan to stay in Australia for a while?
Who tripped you?
Tom and Mary look like they're shocked.
It should only take a couple of minutes.
The government is currently broadening the interpretation of article 9 of the Constitution by wearying it down little by little.
We've been to Boston several times.
Tom has denied any wrongdoing.
Sami was a police officer.
I've never been to Australia in the winter.
It'll take a long time to clean this mess up.
He's now the manager, isn't he?
We got divorced in the end.
Few governments can manage the economy successfully.
What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
Sami and Layla have been dating for six years.
Sami felt like a king.
I was the last one to know.
Jane goes to bed early and gets up early.
Do you buy organically grown vegetables?
Despite Hebrew being considered a dead language one hundred and fifty years ago, today eight million people speak it as their mother tongue.
Tom wasn't much faster at doing that than Mary.
He was shot through the heart.
Tom's hairline is receding.
She has faith in her beauty.
Worden never lost his enthusiasm for space.
My friends set off to America.
I can't tell if you're serious or not.
You have to encourage him to become a teacher!
He is likely to arrive soon.
Sami stole this iPod from Layla.
Are you really Italian?
I'm sorry that I made you stop doing that.
I didn't believe them.
Tom has already asked Mary to do that.
Stay as long as you want.
You haven't broken anything, have you?
I have only been to Kabylie once.
I almost never do that when I'm in Australia.
She looked at me angrily.
He bet her that he could beat her at arm wrestling.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do that if they had some help.
They were successful.
Tom is going to tell Mary everything.
What else did you have?
I ran upstairs.
They said they might not do that.
Sami shot the bear.
The bank director was held in high regard.
Tom called me last Monday.
I'm not yet used to writing business letters.
All of these books were written by Tom.
We need to let Tom do that.
I really want to be able to do that someday.
We don't need to splurge.
Will you give me her address?
I don't think Tom will be jealous.
Mary should tell Tom what she has to do.
I know Tom is a pretty good hitter.
Tom wanted to be liked.
We all consider it wrong to cheat in an examination.
Sami wanted a dog.
Would you like to have children?
He's a hermit.
I would be happy to teach you that song.
Tom and Mary say they're trying to quit smoking.
And soon after I procured Xenophon's Memorable Things of Socrates, in which there are many instances of the same method.
You knew it wasn't the first time I had done that, didn't you?
Mary is very likely going to be hungry when she gets home.
Tom wouldn't hurt a fly.
Those who are more open are often more positive, helpful and flexible in their approaches to tasks.
Tom said that he didn't plan on leaving anytime soon.
We sold those to them, didn't we?
Every boss has his or her favorite employee.
Mary was jealous of Kate's popularity.
I never update my operating system.
They can do it if they try.
Let him have it.
Sami wanted rev
Even a cat may look at a king.
The company is in deficit.
Tom tried to break into Mary's house.
Sami has been countless times to Egypt.
You're a bit of a loner, aren't you?
My dream is to study French in Geneva.
What do you think Tom is going to want to do?
He seldom bestirred himself save when there was some professional object to be served.
Can I take you home?
I heard a rooster crow and knew I'd soon have to get out of bed.
I'm not in the habit of staying up late.
Mary has a safe in her office.
Mary doesn't really do that, does she?
Weren't Tom and Mary in Boston last week?
Maybe it's time to change my hair and do a makeover.
I don't think they're complaining.
Tom noticed Mary's car in the parking lot.
Did you know that Mary was kidnapped when she was three?
They inherited their wealth.
Go ahead, gentlemen.
The leaves on the trees change color in the fall.
Tom thought he heard a car backfire.
Will you stop teasing me?
I could wake him up with a bucket of cold water.
The prints are hanging on my wall.
He took it for granted that she was happy.
Tom doesn't speak French, but Mary does.
Are we permitted to do that here?
I didn't know Tom had a house in Australia.
He gave his girlfriend a Kabyle dress.
You should get Tom to ask Mary to do that.
We'll have some exceptions.
It's a bit further on up this road.
The number of unemployed college graduates amounts to more than 4000.
Don't use the hammer.
Tom said Mary was going to Australia with him.
Don't forget anything.
He was not generally popular among the undergraduates.
They have nothing.
That's not what you need to think about now.
Tom and Mary wanted to open their own restaurants.
Tom thinks that it's time for Mary to ask for help.
Sami made a call to police.
Tom and Mary are going to have to have their houses painted next month.
The flaps and ailerons are connected to the backside of the wings.
That job took us longer than we expected.
Is it possible that you're wrong?
Some words are written differently, but pronounced the same.
Tom seemed to know just about everybody.
This sheet music is very difficult to sight read.
The teacher was picking on me specifically.
It has no value.
I will visit you as soon as I can.
What Tom suggested sounded ridiculous to me.
Tom wasn't as careful as he should have been.
She stayed at a cheap hotel.
Mary looked through the text messages on Tom's mobile phone and it became clear to her that he was having an affair.
I took it that you would come.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John wanted to do that with.
Tom and John look like brothers.
Tom's apartment is infested with cockroaches.
Our team is five points ahead.
Sami called the police for help.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been punished.
I speak French almost as well as I speak English.
Tom and Mary said they've been feeling tired.
Tom was told he couldn't do that.
I think that it's all been worth it.
He shut the door of his room.
I've always been a dreamer.
The
I'll try to deal with that tomorrow.
She's really fast, isn't she?
The weather clearing, he went out for a walk.
Tom wouldn't have done that if he hadn't had to.
The girl's ability to speak four languages fluently impressed me.
Don't mistake my silence for agreement.
Sami needs to have str
Rawes is his artist name, his real name is Arezqi Chebli.
Nothing has been burned yet.
Can we postpone the trip?
Tom and Mary are going to a party.
Mary is quite possessive, isn't she?
He wears black-rimmed glasses.
I want to go back to being a baby.
They had the absolute majority on this one.
I would not leave you for all the world.
Sami can't explain this story.
They didn't tell me their names.
Do you play golf?
I know that Tom is a little too young for me.
I was afraid you'd failed.
Tom got up in the middle of the night for a midnight snack.
Mary could be the boss if she wanted to be.
Sami didn't really have to work.
She fell into a profound sleep.
Tom said Mary didn't look very happy.
This is actually true.
Don't tell Tom I did that.
I know that we can do that for you.
The boy stood still in horror.
I did something stupid.
You won't need it.
I didn't show Tom the pictures he wanted to see.
That's just what Tom needs.
Doesn't this couscous look delicious?
Mary hopes that she doesn't have to do that.
You're fabulous.
Tom majored in political science.
I would never allow Tom to do that.
They are gorillas.
We passed by the door of a certain unfurnished room.
Can he speak English, French, or German?
I don't think that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
We're going to see if we can do that.
In this show, the contestant can't answer.
Tom is outside waiting for Mary.
OK, let me know when you figure it out.
Tom lived a happy life.
You're a menace.
She has a loving family.
There are many budget airlines in Europe.
It only took Mary a few minutes to set the table.
I don't need your apologies.
Tom and Mary lived there all by themselves.
I get on with him well.
It's not for everyone.
His work is washing cars.
To those — to those who would tear the world down: We will defeat you.
I know that Tom knows who has to do that.
Asian communities are very differentiated.
Aren't you going to open the box?
Tom said that it was time to start thinking about what we need to buy.
He acted like a lunatic.
We were all rooting for them.
Tom put me on the payroll.
You can do that again if you want to.
Don't let me lose faith in justice.
Is there anyone in this room?
They told me that they had headaches.
What Tom really needs now is a little time by himself.
He said he would come again on the following day.
Sami put the book back in his bookback.
The rescued survivors were repatriated to Algeria.
I don't think that you're allowed to do that.
Tom works part-time.
I'm on my way home from work.
Tom wasn't the only person who had to do that.
He brought me the Quran.
Tom said that he wasn't sure that Mary needed to do that.
Tom gave Mary exactly what she said she wanted.
Sami gave Layla a whole speech.
You will know Esperanto very soon.
Every month, he sends money to Algeria.
Too much or too little of anything is never good; it's all about balance.
That's a pretty straightforward question.
I knew you wouldn't have to stay in Boston for as long as you thought you'd have to stay.
Jump as high as you can.
I'm glad Tom and Mary aren't dead.
Tom smiled at you, didn't he?
I wish Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't really enjoying himself.
Tom very seldom does that alone.
They were exaggerating.
Sami and Layla will go to a restaurant.
I just can't catch a break.
Tom was the last one to get here.
Will you look after our pets while we're away?
I'm through with Mary.
Is he free on Friday afternoon?
Bob thinks it is a silly idea to call his mother who is so far away, to spend so much, and to say so little.
I'm going to ask for Tom Jackson's autograph.
Tom wished that Mary would tell him where she'd been.
She's in trouble.
You did it!
You look uglier than usual.
She says she's never lied to him.
The exports increased by 30 billion dollars.
He said he was happy he did that.
Tom's trial date hasn't been set.
Tom is very affectionate.
Tom was the only other person who didn't do that.
I don't like that genre.
Tom has a bad headache.
I don't expect that Tom will swim.
I'd like to tell you the truth.
These pictures were taken three months ago.
Tom is much more talented than his father.
I didn't know Tom was from Australia.
I can tell this is difficult for you.
I wrote it down on a napkin.
To reach the port of heaven, we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it— but we must sail, and not drift, nor lie at anchor.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to start a family.
Is everything okay?
He is illiterate.
I speak Berber wherever I go.
What other explanation can there be?
How about starting again from the very beginning?
Mary didn't provide details of how she'd do that.
Sami didn't care who was watching.
They only cared about themselves.
I'm sorry that I couldn't come to Tom's funeral.
Sami was waving money at Layla's face.
It's way past Tom's bed time.
His dog was so aggressive and would not allow anyone in the house.
100 years is called a century.
Mary said that she was optimistic.
Tastes in music vary from person to person.
I retired in 2013.
That's something that I should do by myself.
Something is the matter with my stomach.
I saw Tom kissing Mary behind the barn.
He said that he was very amused.
Excuse me sir, could you spare some change?
Tom didn't talk about Australia.
It's easier to get what you want with a smile than with the tip of the sword.
Tom wasn't sleeping when I got home.
In looking back, I feel deeply grateful to my parents.
I can't exactly tell her that.
Tom thinks that Mary is impressed.
Tom insisted on watching football.
I would like it if you did it yourself.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really prepared to do that.
Tom and Mary think that they have the flu.
Can you guys tell us where we are?
The water of the river was very clear.
Why did you hide from me?
Do you love your daughter?
I don't think anyone was here yesterday.
Tom didn't know just what to do.
Belgians claim that French fries are not French but Belgian.
I told you that I wasn't going to call Tom.
That is the most I can do.
Roast beef is usually accompanied by Yorkshire pudding.
Tom is probably going to let Mary drive.
He said that Raëlism was his religion.
I know why you didn't do that.
We think it's pretty significant.
"What time is it?" "It's 2:30."
I'm absolutely positive that I can do that.
Tom isn't sure he can find another job.
Tom took a cab to the museum.
I never really knew them.
Let's redouble our efforts!
Tom and Mary jumped out of their seats.
Sami went to the back freezer to grab a bottle of alcohol.
I have finally received a letter from my friend in France.
Tom was down in the doldrums after Mary walked out on him.
Tom is at work now, but he should be home by 2:30.
We have a lot of snow in the winter.
It's a rare thing to run into a famous musician on the street.
I hear you just got married.
Examinations pose a big problem.
Sami and Layla had a happy family.
She said she's finished doing that.
We need to find out what happened to the plane.
Mary hiked up her skirt and waded ankle-deep into the water.
Excuse me, could you tell me where I can find this street?
As a star, the sun is a so-called yellow dwarf.
I don't think I should do that by myself.
She was a young girl about your age.
Tom has trouble keeping a job.
He gave me some money.
Mary hugged the flowers close to her chest.
Tom is on the lacrosse team.
The bridge exploded.
Ruth the Moabite said, "Yes, he said to me, 'You shall stay close to my young men until they have finished all my harvest.'"
He has nobody to consult.
Tom is real funny.
Tom said he thought that I might be required to do that.
I tend to make mistakes.
Tom wasn't able to pack everything he needed in his suitcase.
Mary knew she was wrong.
He said that he's pessimistic.
Tom isn't doing as well as he should be.
Some of what you said sounded stupid.
We ignored them.
I can hear what you say but I don't care.
This theater will hold three thousand people.
Tom closed his bookstore because he said that he couldn't compete with Amazon anymore.
Please do not enter the room without knocking.
I'm looking for a coat in my size.
I know that Tom doesn't know where I did that.
Tom says he won't swim.
Why don't you?
You're looking gorgeous.
They made two albums that sounded the same.
This is Tom's photo album.
I shouldn't be too late.
He made a careless mistake, as is often the case with him.
I am still working as a teacher.
Tom said he thought that he might not be permitted to do that.
I want to know the cause of the accident.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them clean the living room.
People are still recovering.
The bedroom was laden with beautiful ornaments.
Tom saved every letter that Mary sent him.
Everybody in the class laughed at Tom.
Tom has a message for Mary.
I don't want to try doing that.
We may never know why that happened.
The barber has cut your hair very short.
I doubt that Tom will be in.
A cake was frosted.
Tom said that he couldn't remember where he'd put his keys.
I hit Tom with a baseball bat.
We tried to cheer her up.
A nice roast chicken is one of my favorite dishes.
I'm the only one likely to be able to do that.
He is tall, and she is tall too.
I assumed that there must be something else we had to do.
Tom can't answer now.
Tom had only one beer.
You seem to be unwilling to do that.
Tom said last night's concert was pretty good.
I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it.
Colour the picture.
Let's not go to Australia.
It's difficult to root out certain prejudices.
I don't know how you can tolerate doing this over and over again.
Even if there is a convention, I shouldn't ask them for so much money.
Sometimes I have doubts.
I can't stand ignorant people.
I knew that Tom wasn't good at French.
Tom didn't seem certain.
I've already told you everything I think you need to know.
Who stays up later at night, you or Tom?
I know that I didn't do anything wrong.
I neither need nor want more stuff.
She won the contest.
The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
Tom said that he's prepared.
She's doing her homework now.
It was an inappropriate analogy.
It nearly broke my heart.
She said she's motivated to do that.
It isn't a problem as long as I come back into the room right after finishing smoking, is it?
In order to see that picture better, I want to get a little closer.
Which of Tom's paintings are you talking about?
Tom clearly doesn't want this job.
We're confident we'll be able to handle this.
Tom and Mary are lazy, aren't they?
There was nothing for us to drink.
It has been ten years since I came here.
Depression and suicide rates for youth continue to rise, hitting its highest peak since World War II in 2017.
This is the tricky part.
He should've been here ten minutes ago.
Our plane couldn't land on account of the dense fog.
Tom might not come to the party.
Tom pretended not to hear Mary.
By the early 20th century, Algeria was completely colonized by the French.
Mary and I have been friends since high school.
I heard a noise in the bedroom.
You're still the same spoiled little girl I knew two years ago.
I'm very glad to meet you.
Sami encouraged tolerance and dialogue between Muslims and non-Muslims.
The play stopped for technical reasons.
Tom is Mary's helper.
You're the only one here who can speak French, aren't you?
Tom felt compelled to say something.
Let me tell you a little bit of the inside story.
The members numbered thirty, all told.
You can't divide by zero in mathematics.
This is so dumb.
The request has been black-holed.
Tom said that he's in Australia now.
We didn't have much in common anyway.
We just got to first base.
It's changed so much, there are some places I don't even recognise.
I'll sit with Tom.
I suggest you don't do that.
He's unfair.
There is a great deal of traffic on this road.
I appreciate her loyalty.
Julia calls Emilia.
Tom couldn't get his socks off.
It's raining now, so we can't do that.
Do you have an extra bicycle that I could borrow?
Gendarmes are also human beings.
Tom looked at his notepad.
How complex is it?
Do you really want to stay here for a week?
Exactly how old is Tom?
I will go to America tomorrow.
Does this printer have ethernet?
Tom bought a bus ticket.
Tom hired someone to kill Mary.
Tom admitted he wasn't impartial.
Sami would never listen to his mother.
He looks like he's delighted.
She cannot stand what her husband does.
Sami finished his drink and threw the cup away.
Tom likes ponies.
Have you ever seen anyone do this before?
I considered myself lucky.
Beautiful weather, isn't it?
Who needs terrorists and racists in Kabylie?
A crowd soon gathered around him.
I wish that we could go back to Australia.
Today I'm paying!
This is the most disgusting film I've ever seen.
Perhaps I'll see you tonight.
Fill up this water bottle, please!
He is well read in English literature.
He has a good ear for music.
We had flooding because of last week's heavy rains.
Sami didn't get off the bus.
Where should I throw away this empty cup?
Both Tom and Mary almost drowned.
I thought Tom was on sabbatical.
Tom was good at math in high school.
Algeria will not disintegrate.
He will be 23 years old.
Tom and Mary said they weren't the least bit hungry.
You're bugging me.
We've had too much bad luck.
Tom is supposed to be at school today, but he isn't.
I just went out for a run.
I don't think that Tom has a driver's license.
Tom won't talk about what happened.
Do you want to visit the city?
It looks like Tom and Mary are eating right now.
Tom doesn't want us to do that again.
Tom was quick.
I'm majoring in sociology.
They have a question.
Tom stayed in Boston for a short while.
She got her right ear pierced.
I'm a genetically modified organism.
I called her a bitch.
Let your belly button heal.
Tom goes to a school for the blind.
It's time to say things.
I have no wife.
I wasn't the one who complained.
A trivial problem does not require a long cogitation.
North Korea decided the time was right to invade.
There's no poison in this fish.
Tom said his specialty is economics.
You're very interesting.
Sami shouldn't apologize to Layla over something he didn't do.
I thought that Tom and Mary should meet.
I don't think that Tom would hire a private detective.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
My parents did not raise me very well.
She studies crocodiles.
Tom said that he didn't need any more help.
I can't see this any more.
Tom said he knew that he might not need to do that by himself.
They were advancing.
This isn't a new policy.
We sat down and hashed out all the details until we reached an agreement.
Tom has gone home already.
Shove a stick up your ass.
Tom has said he'll do that.
We live in that apartment just over the street.
Close the curtains! The guy living in the house across the street is a Peeping Tom.
Mary told me she saw you at the mall.
Snails have been eating our lettuces.
We reached the top of the hills at dawn.
Sami went to an abandoned psychiatric hospital.
Out of a hundred soldiers, ten returned unharmed, the rest died.
Let me smell your breath.
It's old and clunky.
My hamstrings are very tight.
Do you have any idea what Tom wants to do?
What can I do to help her?
Tom told me he wanted to buy his mother a pair of slippers.
Tom is happy when he's with Mary.
Who is out there?
He said he can't eat that much food by himself.
The price is very cheap.
It's just a hobby.
Tom and Mary are going to give it a try.
You can't keep the ring Tom gave you. You should return it.
I wish I were as young as you.
Carlos Morel was the first Argentine illustrator.
I'm sophisticated.
Be a good boy and eat your vegetables.
It's not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it.
It wasn't so difficult.
Tom confirmed that no one was injured.
We've been doing that all year.
Please explain how this works.
Why are you making us wait so long?
Tomorrow is when I get paid.
You have to remain detached.
I'm fed up with this nonsense.
Tom does seem awfully sleepy.
His masterpiece has not appeared yet.
Tom has had about enough of this.
How did it happen?
I can show the documents to you.
Sami walked up to the receptionist.
This time Bob is likely to win.
That problem is not avoidable.
He promised he'd be on time.
Brush your teeth clean.
I have no intention of doing that.
I have been very busy lately.
That person died.
Sami shouldn't look down.
Want me to show you my collection?
One of the keys to happiness is to do what you enjoy doing.
Tom and Mary walked across campus.
Sami has to do what he has to do.
Tom had the gift of the gab.
I should've stayed in Boston for another week or two.
She just started dating someone.
It is very warm today!
Tom's car is parked in front of Mary's house.
Sami made friends really quickly.
I waited nearby.
She said she could do that.
I still didn't believe it.
Tom asked for more coffee.
I hope Tom isn't biased.
Sami applied for the job online.
Tom is sure that everybody saw him.
Mary won't find anybody who'll help her do that.
Tom wouldn't let me talk.
Lunch is usually eaten on the deck.
Islam changed everything in my life in such a positive way.
I love flying so much.
Get in the front seat.
He is out of circulation these days.
Tom said he's through doing that.
Tom lent me large sum of money.
I have two sisters and one brother.
Tom owns a thirty-acre farm.
He accepted our offer.
Aren't you exaggerating?
Tom told me why he didn't do that.
They were really concerned.
The most decisive event of his life was going to happen there.
Take care not to awake the sleeping baby.
I happened to be out when the call came.
Tom put his glasses in his shirt pocket.
Those islands were completely uninhabited.
I know you're listening.
Mary told Tom that she wanted to do that.
Mary is wearing what she wore yesterday.
Some musicians and actors hire security guards to help fend off their over-eager fans.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows who needs to do that.
You're playing the accompaniment too loudly.
Tom's mobile butt-dialled Mary.
These seatbelts are very uncomfortable.
Many participants on the course don't have the courage to say even a few words in the language they are learning. What is the reason for that?
Tom is a pretty good golfer, isn't he?
The view from the summit of the mountain was breathtaking.
I think I speak French fairly well.
She looked around the room, but couldn't see him.
That won't likely happen.
Give him a break.
Are you thinking of going to Australia next summer?
Strangely, he passed up her very generous offer.
A dog is running in the park.
I didn't notice Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here.
Tom said that it was Mary who borrowed his sunglasses.
Sami wanted to kill Layla.
Does this look silly?
I don't know why I thought that I had a chance of winning.
I know Tom was the only one who did that.
Sami wouldn't let Layla talk to him like that.
I'm not used to being treated like that.
Weather changes often.
Tom is packing, isn't he?
Tom touched me.
The darkest hour is just before dawn.
He kept in touch with her.
Mary was sewing large pieces of fabric into a flag.
We've heard those promises before.
Every little bit counts.
Tom will tell us.
I need to catch up the lost time.
Which university do you attend?
They said they weren't mad anymore.
I knew Tom knew who wanted to do that.
Mennad needed to take that class.
Tom doesn't seem to be as careless as Mary seems to be.
Sleep is important in many ways.
He didn't even attempt to kiss her.
I've come to talk with you.
We will defeat them.
His house is at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
He reflected on what answer to make.
Tom knows I'll call you.
This is your apartment.
Mary sounded shocked.
I have a lot of patience.
Greece is taking radical measures to prevent a collapse of its financial system.
What make of car is it?
It has been a standing jest in the family that nothing could ever wake me during the night.
You don't want Tom to do that anymore, do you?
What's asphalt made of?
I'll let Tom go.
He decided to marry her.
I should eat breakfast first.
I don't think that Tom was motivated.
Mary said Tom thought she might need to do that.
I'm sorry that I didn't call sooner.
I was harried by mosquitoes last night.
We are longing for world peace.
Is that really allowed?
Was Tom with you?
You were snoring.
John stamped the check.
Oh, you must be good at sports.
When the school needed a new teacher, he applied for the position.
Tom and Mary have been waiting all morning for John to help them.
I got plenty of help.
Will they tell me the truth?
Then happy I that love and am beloved where I may not remove, nor be removed.
Mary needs to make sure that she's ready to leave by 2:30.
Tom said he was very sleepy.
Some students walk to school. Others go by bus.
I would've been able to do that if somebody had shown me how.
Sami's entire family grieved.
Tom and Mary said they plan on staying in Boston.
She asked the police for protection.
I wish to speak to them.
You have this completely wrong.
The plans were drawn up, but the deal fell through.
I keep waking up in the middle of the night.
Layla ended up wearing the hijab.
Is the boss in a good mood today?
He knew a lot.
Tom paid very close attention to Mary.
Tom has been waiting a long time.
He's really narrow-minded, isn't he?
I bought a game for the kids.
Tom won't likely be home now.
Think what you want.
He denies that he broke the window.
Does Tom ski?
He says he'd hurt his back.
There’s a cost to working with things that are not fully baked yet.
There are cherry trees near the castle fountain.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem to be happy.
Mennad threw boiling water on Baya.
Tom needed to be home on Monday.
I feel a lot closer to Tom now.
Tom isn't listening anymore.
I would rather die than do such an unfair thing.
Tom should've arrived already.
Tom could see nothing.
Both her parents come from Brazil. She is a daughter of Brazilians.
Allende is a woman's name and a last name.
I bought this book from the book shop in front of the station.
We drive on the right side of the road.
Yoga comes from India.
How many cameras do you have?
Why are you so down?
"Rest your features" is pseudo-polite for "Shut up."
She ran over to help him.
I am well acquainted with the subject.
I'm going to walk to the library.
I'd be happy to work with you.
I know that Tom didn't know that we didn't want to do that.
Who taught you how to sail?
Sami didn't even believe in God.
Machine learning can be used to predict which social media users might be suicidal.
Is moldy bread still OK to eat?
She heard it.
I know you came to Boston in October.
Many people were embroiled in the scandal.
That isn't really what I was hoping for.
Tom didn't find out that he'd been adopted until he was thirty years old.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to help.
Sami lived in a bedroom community.
I probably won't be able to do everything I need to do.
We went fishing with my dad yesterday.
I should've stayed.
The ham sandwiches were really good.
He told everybody he was sleepy.
He was wearing Italian boots.
It's for them.
Do you know where Tom and Mary keep the aspirin?
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the noise.
I've been seen.
Don't make fun of foreigners.
I see a woman wearing black.
She knew she was being lied to.
About two weeks.
I don't like to send postcards when I'm on a trip.
When will your mum return from the hospital?
I think we could do that.
That candidate deserves our support.
Sami opened the patio door.
Tom said that he thought that I might need to do that this week.
She says she'll do what she needs to.
I didn't understand you.
I forgot to tell her.
That isn't very complicated.
She said that she's living in Osaka.
There's not much difference between the two opinions.
I doubt Tom meant any harm.
Tom usually drinks instant coffee.
Sami wished he was in that room.
Some people would label any person who speaks about Islam as a terrorist.
The men fled the scene.
They talked from 8 until 10.
"Dad, Tom said humans descended from apes." "He certainly did. However, our ancestors were great kings."
Unfortunately, I must refuse.
Please drop me off at the station.
He'll tell you.
I won't do anything you don't want me to do.
Applicants must be under thirty years old.
Tom wanted to do better.
Sami was eating the donuts.
Tom can't do everything by himself.
Tom appeared accompanied by an old woman. Laila and Maria whispered, "Is that his grandmother?" "That must be his new flame!" Both of them giggled scornfully.
He's trembling.
Tom seemed to be unwilling to admit he'd made a mistake.
She invited two of her classmates - Jane and Mary.
Mary's husband asked her to quit her job.
Man cannot live by bread alone.
Tom hasn't finished his lunch.
You said I wouldn't enjoy it.
He did that before he moved to Algeria.
I'll answer any questions you have.
Sami will understand this.
There was no one to stop Tom.
There is a ruling now.
Knowing their languages is not enough to communicate effectively, because the methods of communication are determined by their cultures.
He said that he's excited.
Shake this bottle before you open it.
Tom was abused by his father.
They claimed they saw a UFO.
Tom and Mary finished their homework.
She left for Paris at the end of last month.
Tom was just plain fat.
A strange feeling came over me.
I'm going to eat my lunch at my desk.
Flour is very affordable for most Algerians.
I know Tom isn't a teacher either.
Sami was super-intelligent.
You told us not to do that.
Tom felt his heart beat faster.
Tom visited Mary in jail.
No one goes to Boston anymore.
You're important!
National defense spending cushions the island's economy against fluctuations in tourism.
We should ask Mary which one she thinks we should buy.
I have to be there by 7:00.
Change the pillowcase.
He devoted himself to music in those days.
She claimed she wasn't guilty.
Why doesn't Tom like Boston?
Sami wanted to relax a little bit.
The weather has been beautiful for the past three days.
The children love playing in their new tree house, which they built themselves.
He has white teeth.
Tom is relieved.
I probably swim better than Tom.
Tom and Mary thought they could help us.
I was having palpitations.
I didn't plan to hit Tom.
Tom caused quite a lot of trouble.
Tom used to work in a factory.
Tom thinks he knows the answer.
I wonder if Mary will really be able to do that by herself.
Tom and Mary said they were looking for help.
Tom has attempted suicide three times this year.
He told me that he wanted a dog.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere today.
Tom bought some cold drinks for his daughters.
I can prove that I am right.
Who is to blame for the failure?
Tom didn't know anything about Mary's boyfriend.
Mary told me that she wanted me to buy a painting for her.
He's likely to be busy, isn't he?
Once bitten, twice shy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to work today.
She turned red.
I didn't try to kiss Tom.
My position is very clear.
I've been careless.
Tom thinks Mary was busy.
I didn't think Tom was sympathetic.
She loves me with her whole heart and soul.
I gave her my clock as a sign of thanks.
Sami was really familiar of how Layla did things at the bar.
What else could it be?
You are wrong there.
Let's hope this time common sense prevails.
I know Tom isn't flexible enough to do that.
I thought he was incredibly handsome.
A funny thing happened to me on the way here today.
Sami's threatening messages made Layla's anxiety worse.
Mary looks like she's self-conscious.
Let's continue this discussion after lunch.
I was expecting them.
It looks like rain. You had better take in the washing.
I was told that I shouldn't do that here.
Italian wedding soup is a savory broth with green vegetables and little meatballs. Sometimes it also contains a variety of small pasta.
He's a native of Algeria.
Have you ever seen Tom angry?
Betty killed him.
Tom quit doing that.
Go meet him.
His speech was an unmitigated disaster.
Don't you think it's time you called me Tom?
I am going to leave tomorrow.
We demonstrated peacefully.
We had intended never to go there again.
They were begging him to come to Kabylie.
Tom and Mary helped their mother decorate the Christmas tree.
I thought that you quit.
I need you to exit the car, please.
Tom made a lot of money selling soap.
Tom is so different from John, isn't he?
The boxer said he would knock down his opponent in the first round.
Getting excited is not at all the same as getting angry.
He lives within a stone's throw of the sea.
I never lost hope.
Why are Tom and Mary laughing?
Even if that were true, why would it matter?
The evidence is doubtful.
Wisdom is a curse when wisdom does nothing for the man who has it.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
They're Polish.
Tom said that he assumed Mary would want to do that.
Will you have some more tea?
Why on earth did you resist taking medicine?
I kept thinking, thinking of the pale, haggard, lonely little girl on the cold and desolate side of the window-pane.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to leave.
Tom and Mary said they were asked not to do that.
Mary is happy with her new job.
I paid back the debt, and I feel relieved.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to win.
Tom works at a local restaurant.
Tom advised Mary not to leave her door open.
I'm looking for my glasses.
Tom said it's important that we do what we can to help.
I had to buy a new pair of boots.
The Vancouver aquarium will no longer keep whales and dolphins in captivity.
Tom and Mary told me they were uncomfortable.
I wasn't able to get the door unlocked.
Do you still think about Tom?
I never thought my cat would have millions of followers on social media.
Tom received a microscope for his birthday.
It's a simple matter for me to reconnect the gas.
You should have gone canoeing with Tom.
They aren't very resourceful, are they?
Tom says you deserve a chance.
Mary said she knew she might need to do that on Monday.
You didn't know that we were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
Sami has been Muslim for six years.
I don't think that that's the answer.
Tom got very hungry.
The Lateran Obelisk is the largest standing Egyptian obelisk in the world.
She lives in a fantasy world.
She admitted that I was right.
Tom might be getting fired.
You don't even know how.
My parents got divorced long ago.
What, may I ask, is so important?
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
Would you like some tea, Tom?
I wasn't in class yesterday.
Do you have a lot of experience?
I shall try to win my pupils' affections and then they will WANT to do what I tell them.
Can I at least give you a hug?
Tom will probably die this week.
How long will you have to stay in Boston?
We only saw a few sailors.
He doesn’t label himself as a failure; rather,he sees every experience as learning.
Tom doesn't seem to be as homesick as Mary seems to be.
She took care of the child.
Some wild animals are on the verge of extinction.
Her mouth wouldn't shut up.
We haven't got much time.
Sami went to the property manager.
You're not yet old enough to drink.
Tom could do that if he tried.
The boy's fingers moved in this pockets. Then he replied, "Eleven."
His company is one of the best managed companies in Japan.
Tom's father is a famous artist.
"I haven't got a chance." "Yes, you have!"
He certainly doesn't get along very well with her.
I should be done in an hour.
I don't feel right about this.
I don't like to eat alone.
Do you play in a team?
I should have advised Tom not to believe what Mary says.
Don't you believe him?
I'll save you!
Tom never talked about it.
May God show us a better life!
There is no way of knowing where he's gone.
I think I may sneeze.
I hope that Japan will abide by its Constitution.
The victory is yours.
I had no reason to do that.
How many chairs do we need?
Sami's steak was undercooked.
I'll be back in Australia the day after tomorrow.
Do you have five dollars?
Tom swims laps every morning before going to work.
Suicide is a desperate act.
Sami made another disturbing discovery.
If you ask me, I don't agree with that.
She doesn't have object permanence yet.
Tom thought that Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Sami isn't worried about that.
I hope Tom finds a way to do that.
I don't like Tom so much.
He pretended that he didn't recognize her.
Sami will love Layla's kid.
Show me the magazine.
She looks happiest when she is with him.
Man is the measure of all things.
Tom said he would help me.
Let the dog out, would you?
Oh my God, are you me?
In my opinion, studying Indonesian is easy.
I want some time off.
These are serious issues.
Mary doesn't know where she is.
My rent has gone up.
Tom said that Mary wasn't hesitant to do that.
Are there dangerous areas?
My microscope was stolen.
We'd like to run some tests.
I hope that my accent's good.
Mary asked Tom to peel potatoes.
This piece doesn't match.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Sami said there was something bad in that house.
Jack's problem is that his wife spends more than he earns.
Sami started writing Layla.
Fadil took the first flight to Cairo.
She has a great interest in music.
We must protect the rain forest.
Maybe you should lose some extra weight.
World Health Organization officials urged young people to fight the urge to go parties and other gatherings to help prevent new outbreaks of COVID-19.
I wish Tom could have done that with us.
Tom came out of the building.
I am a Filipino.
Did you notice that Tom wasn't wearing his wedding ring today?
You had better get in touch with your parents at once.
Do you think you can retrain him, or is he hopeless?
Tom could hear the television blaring in the background.
Tom says he knows you.
I don't have the foggiest idea.
I don't think Tom would like living here very much.
She is gone for the week.
I've been having lots of fun here in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't remember doing that.
Depending on others is taboo.
You'll probably be swamped with responses.
Sami had school the next day.
He said that he was really curious.
One's new. The other's old.
Today the teacher took "Chinese culture" as a topic.
Tom became aware that Mary was staring at him.
I am not a paper cup.
It goes without saying that money can't buy you happiness.
Tom rehearsed for two days.
Viruses are much smaller than bacteria.
Sami was found guilty of murder.
They told me that they'd come.
I noticed him sneak into the room.
How did he take the news?
Corn... ah... is the plant containing edible portions.
He'll be back by five o'clock.
I thought you thought that Tom was still a bricklayer.
Do Tom and Mary still do that the same way?
I know that Tom won't be through doing that yet.
She's a little bit crazy, isn't she?
There was no doubt in my mind.
Mary says she didn't know what to do.
Tom is no better at remembering things than I am.
Tom said that he liked my hair.
Near the market square there is an imposing synagogue.
Sami plays football.
Everyone knew Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
It was pretty rough.
I won't come today.
Tom knew better than to tell that kind of joke to Mary.
Translate these sentences into French.
We can't tell which is better.
A man without ideals is hollow.
Tom went to Boston on business last week.
I don't know what this is about.
Where is the police station?
The debate on spending is pending.
Several things need to change.
I know this isn't the first time Tom has done that.
I can reason with her.
Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to talk.
I don't talk to him anymore.
Did you have fun in Boston?
This chocolate tastes really good.
I was happy that she took my side.
That wasn't the only reason why Tom didn't want to do that.
She advised him not to buy a used car, but he didn't follow her advice.
I nearly did that.
I realized that I needed to study French a little harder.
Thank you for remembering my birthday.
You made my day!
The Sea of Japan naming dispute revolves around efforts to remove 'Sea of Japan' from the world's maps and replace it with 'East Sea'.
Mary said she could do it.
I'll leave you to lock up.
Tom will entertain the children.
I think Tom is still quicker at doing that than Mary.
I didn't hear anyone talking.
Mary said she bought that for you.
My grandmother's nurse is very kind.
Is there another route?
Sami decided against those shoes.
Tom said that Mary kissed him.
History is like Quantum Physics, the observer affects the event observed. Is the Kennedy assasination a particle or a wave?
Tom is from small town about three hundred miles from here.
You didn't know that Tom wasn't going to do that, did you?
That person is looking at our fruit.
They're already dead.
Sami wanted to take the stand.
I thought Tom wouldn't want any help.
I think that Tom should go to Australia to visit Mary.
He told me so himself.
You should relax a little.
Don't let Tom close it.
I wonder if Tom really knows the combination to the safe in Mary's office.
Why don't you go meet her?
Tom has the best coin collection I've ever seen.
You seem to be really busy.
How long was your shift?
Bring him back with you.
Sami decided to take a break.
He's not my boyfriend, or anything.
I strolled through its three unprepossessing courtyards.
He would do anything for gain.
I still do that once in a while.
He doesn't eat meat.
It was clear Tom would be allowed to do that.
Tom is losing his mind.
They have a lot in common.
All of you speak French, right?
Tom and Mary hope that they don't botch the job.
She feels bloated like a balloon.
I don't think I'll be alone.
Tom and Mary were left alone.
Dan had a lot of equipment in his garage.
Was your father right?
I have the best job in the entire world.
She cried out for help.
I prefer tea over coffee.
I was working yesterday, but Tom wasn't.
I was taken in by his good looks and gracious manners.
Sami would always say that.
I could hear someone calling my name on the noisy platform.
I'll follow up with them to make sure that the work gets done.
Haven't you ever kissed a girl?
Sami and Layla were talking in the kitchen.
Pregnant women shouldn't smoke.
You should've done that.
Lying to Tom would be a big mistake.
Can you help me get to the hospital?
I'm not always this busy.
She said she'd retire this year.
This is the worst! I've gone and washed my pants with tissues still in the pocket.
Tom wanted to know if you're free tonight.
There were only a few people on the bus.
Mary swore that she'd never done that.
Your proposal is timely.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't do that.
What fun!
She said she did that on Monday.
Tom and Mary will be celebrating their thirtieth wedding anniversary on Monday.
Tom wants to come to Boston with us.
She has written my name wrong.
This development was not foreseeable; it simply surprised us.
He said that he was really sick.
She has altitude sickness.
Tom must have thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
He's stronger than me.
He's not a girl.
Tom worked most of his life.
Is that a yes?
How did you get such a large amount of money?
Harley-Davidson recently reported its worst quarterly sales in recent history, continuing a slide that began in 2014.
Is anyone there?
Thanks for having arrived so early.
It was a great shock to me.
Tom and Mary know it's their call.
Sami was really annoyed.
We're all professionals here.
We've still got a lot of time.
We're not millionaires.
Not knowing what to say, she remained silent.
Have you met the Jacksons?
I ran back towards the campsite to see what was happening.
They stuck their fingers in their ears.
Mary probably doesn't know who she should ask to help her.
I have to stay in bed all day.
Most men don't even look at me.
I know Tom is a good surgeon, but I'd rather have a surgeon who isn't a close friend.
Fuck your dog.
Algeria has huge ties to Russia.
Why did you buy that hat?
What can I get you?
She's a frequent visitor to this country.
That was really difficult.
I am not all too certain of my position.
Many meetings were conducted.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their rooms and won't come out.
Mary won't likely be as mad at Tom as she was at John.
My jaw hit the floor and I could'nt find words to express myself.
Where are the soldiers?
They told me that they were dying.
I'm sure that's what Tom needs.
I'm still not ready.
I saw him waiting in the lobby.
She got here an hour before him.
Something like this wouldn't happen in Australia.
The defenders put up a stout resistance.
The doctors assured Tom he'd be fine.
Tom told Mary that John was a good friend of his.
Tom said that he's sure Mary will do that.
I knew that I could neither console nor help.
And God made two great lights: a greater light to rule the day; and a lesser light to rule the night: and the stars.
Mennad was yelling at the top of his lungs to that guy.
They say that they have no plan to do that.
We're not sure Tom and Mary are coming.
She had to smile at her misfortune.
Sami doesn't have to worry about his finances.
Just who are you anyway?
Tom might know why Mary doesn't have to do that.
Sami used a payphone.
It's a pity that you don't know how to do that.
It's a good thing Tom was there to help you.
Are they really friends?
You can't imagine doing that, can you?
Tom is paid by the hour.
Where did she try doing that?
It's fine this morning and I feel like a walk.
How did you know that Tom was sick?
Do you think there is any possibility that Tom will do that?
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know what they needed to do.
I don't understand why she did that.
She told me that she wanted me to do that for him.
I should get back to the hotel now.
She said, "It's not funny! How would you like it if someone did that to you - what would you do?"
I asked Tom what happened.
The baby can't walk yet.
What are you doing back there?
Truman had three difficult choices.
I am not so diligent as my brother.
I asked after my sick friend.
Tom didn't know how to handle that.
I suspected that Tom was lying.
That wasn't a good idea.
No one seems interested in Tom's paintings anymore.
Tom and Mary have done what they were told to do.
Things are not going to change around here.
With all the teaching and research, I have no time for myself.
Tom knows quite a lot about Boston.
Tom and Mary were the last two to leave.
You always underestimate people.
It's very cheap.
Can a kiwi bird fly?
Do you think that Tom is still active?
Come to the end of one's devil's luck.
Tom and Mary weren't scared to go into the cave by themselves.
In an emergency he had nothing to fall back upon.
That river floods every year.
She's lived here her entire life.
They're painting their rooms.
How can you benefit by being so unpleasant?
Tom said he was glad he'd been asked to do that.
She says she can predict the future.
Just tell Tom to hurry up.
Tom didn't know that Mary would be there.
I didn't want to make a scene in front of everyone.
Tom said that he had to do some things he didn't want to do.
I won't do that by myself.
Sami is being so rude.
Sami needs to clarify that.
Mary twisted her ankle.
